
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011071                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11070679881                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               523679882769                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 378007                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   479183                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 267185                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67747576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41434.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15662545793                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19854712362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       474496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       155392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       238464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       116992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       117376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       377216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       154880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       154880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       232960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       231296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       377728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       375680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       117376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       256768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       377088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3989248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           75648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1235072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1235072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 31166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9649                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9649                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     14036356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       416235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21540140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14001669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       450921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     10567734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       450921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     10602420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       416235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     34073427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       462483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13990107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       462483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13990107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21042971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20892664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       416235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     34119675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       416235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33934682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       450921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     10602420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23193517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     34061865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               360343542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       416235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       450921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       450921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       416235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       462483                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       462483                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       416235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       416235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       450921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6833185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         111562435                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              111562435                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         111562435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     14036356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       416235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21540140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14001669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       450921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     10567734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       450921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     10602420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       416235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     34073427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       462483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13990107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       462483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13990107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21042971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20892664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       416235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     34119675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       416235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33934682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       450921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     10602420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23193517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     34061865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              471905977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1761375                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1588882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       665951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         629117                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4156                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18692058                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11064936                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1761375                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       726120                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2188844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        297117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2954420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1074307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94735                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24035541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.540121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.835908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21846697     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77752      0.32%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         160751      0.67%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          67825      0.28%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         362548      1.51%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         324713      1.35%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62769      0.26%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         130897      0.54%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1001589      4.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24035541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.066346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.416784                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18475431                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      3172512                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2180544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154808                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12973586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18502477                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2948189                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       131731                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2163844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        89320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12965378                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           41                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        46846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        28926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          873                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15229868                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61056054                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61056054                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1757123                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          821                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          205534                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3056913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544865                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        75476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12938806                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12427331                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7535                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1018154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2446412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           71                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24035541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19561070     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1374251      5.72%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1106178      4.60%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       476084      1.98%     93.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595602      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       561105      2.33%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319998      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25473      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15780      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24035541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31234     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237421     86.14%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6975      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7800288     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108066      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977617     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540616     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12427331                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.468101                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275630                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49173368                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13958881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12319900                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12702961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22206                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10549                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1098                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2874840                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26343                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12940384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3056913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544865                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          821                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16036                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          352                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54598                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55953                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110551                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12339896                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2968154                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4508569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1617204                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540415                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.464808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12320303                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12319900                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6657097                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13153169                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.464054                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190294                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1499                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        96420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23835567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19552734     82.03%     82.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1580007      6.63%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       734736      3.08%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720909      3.02%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       199938      0.84%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       822246      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62878      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45960      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116159      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23835567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551994                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       116159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36661124                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26083496                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                401690                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2512853                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.654839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.654839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.376671                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.376671                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60998347                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14312926                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15440347                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2054849                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1681197                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202404                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843297                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807154                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211213                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9180                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19769776                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11492382                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2054849                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1018367                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2396963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        554191                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1067265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1211280                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202513                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23583166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21186203     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         111062      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         176925      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         239331      1.01%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         247177      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         209245      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         117325      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         174793      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1121105      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23583166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077400                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.432884                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19565782                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1273277                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2392293                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2879                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       348932                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       338174                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14101080                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       348932                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19619827                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        186329                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       961855                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2341754                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       124466                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14095351                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        18293                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        53435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19663423                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     65569106                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     65569106                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17008831                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2654584                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3446                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          370468                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1320783                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       713792                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8520                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       230042                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14077871                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13352862                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2019                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1585358                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3807226                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23583166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17888561     75.85%     75.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2376517     10.08%     85.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1192863      5.06%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       872039      3.70%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689584      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       282115      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176835      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92635      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12017      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23583166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2782     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8518     38.10%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11055     49.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11231528     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199430      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1672      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1208777      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       711455      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13352862                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.502963                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22355                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50313262                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15666753                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13151848                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13375217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27124                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215800                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10841                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       348932                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        155981                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12618                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14081357                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1320783                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713792                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1774                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10696                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116774                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114515                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       231289                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13168581                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1137573                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184279                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1848966                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1870240                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           711393                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.496022                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13151971                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13151848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7550093                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20353913                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.495391                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.370941                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9915320                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12200384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1880978                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       204756                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23234234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18190155     78.29%     78.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2519799     10.85%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933525      4.02%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445735      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399678      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216873      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174299      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85901      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268269      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23234234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9915320                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12200384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1807934                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1104983                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1759275                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10992362                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       251185                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       268269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           37047249                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          28511675                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                301550                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2965228                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9915320                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12200384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9915320                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.677513                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.677513                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.373481                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.373481                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       59262456                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18320298                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13069355                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1942477                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1592409                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192535                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       817925                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         757743                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198595                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8536                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18568226                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11043307                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1942477                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       956338                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2428170                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        546327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1833298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1145760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191328                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23180124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20751954     89.52%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         262134      1.13%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         303119      1.31%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         166824      0.72%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         194103      0.84%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         106598      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          72178      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         188484      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1134730      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23180124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073167                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.415969                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       18417210                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1987601                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2408982                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        17905                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       348423                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       315448                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2008                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13483278                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        10385                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       348423                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       18445120                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        583476                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1324105                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2399701                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        79296                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13474261                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        20357                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        37007                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     18721077                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     62731769                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     62731769                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     15969922                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2751155                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3586                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2029                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          216561                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1290245                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       700953                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18570                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       155057                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13452268                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3590                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12708571                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18318                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1691433                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3914225                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          456                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23180124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.241026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17825501     76.90%     76.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2152233      9.28%     86.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1157472      4.99%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       802777      3.46%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       700107      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       358642      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85997      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55717      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41678      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23180124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3199     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12258     44.00%     55.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12403     44.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10637522     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198449      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1554      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1175546      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       695500      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12708571                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.478695                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27860                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002192                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48643444                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15147425                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12496291                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12736431                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32153                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       232082                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16273                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          777                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          298                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       348423                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        536351                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13190                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13455881                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1210                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1290245                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700953                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2025                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9306                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108324                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       219714                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12520884                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1104130                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1799424                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1751669                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           695294                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.471625                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12496560                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12496291                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7426211                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        19456619                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.470699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381680                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9378659                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11505585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1950411                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       193506                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22831701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18131203     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2179542      9.55%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       914906      4.01%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       547951      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379911      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       244964      1.07%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127740      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102398      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203086      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22831701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9378659                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11505585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1742843                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1058163                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1646479                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10372764                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       233989                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       203086                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           36084546                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          27260430                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                287066                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3368270                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9378659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11505585                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9378659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.830724                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.830724                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.353267                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.353267                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       56473769                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      17343279                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12580778                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2050383                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1677545                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201962                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       841386                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         805203                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         210724                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9172                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19724702                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11467320                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2050383                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1015927                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2391682                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        553110                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1116646                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1208565                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202061                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23582280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21190598     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         110802      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         176470      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         238864      1.01%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         246631      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         208840      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         116879      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         174350      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1118846      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23582280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077232                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.431940                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19521968                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1322116                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2387014                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2880                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       348299                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       337439                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14070488                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       348299                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19575879                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        192228                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1005205                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2336614                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       124052                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14064732                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        18161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        53309                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19620935                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     65426564                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     65426564                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16970011                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2650916                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3440                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          369589                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1318026                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       712167                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8483                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       229637                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14047302                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3454                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13323304                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2016                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1583075                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3801954                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23582280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17900299     75.91%     75.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2371053     10.05%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1190377      5.05%     91.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       870249      3.69%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       687988      2.92%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281457      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176464      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92415      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11978      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23582280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2769     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8499     38.11%     50.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11035     49.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11206686     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198988      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1668      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1206125      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       709837      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13323304                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.501850                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22303                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50253206                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15633895                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13122581                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13345607                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27062                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215563                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10826                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       348299                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        161981                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12599                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14050782                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          783                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1318026                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       712167                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10686                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116459                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114340                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       230799                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13139257                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1135017                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1844791                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1866123                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           709774                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.494917                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13122705                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13122581                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7533515                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20309026                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.494289                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370944                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9892671                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12172532                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1878255                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       204308                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23233981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18201353     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2514098     10.82%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931352      4.01%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444824      1.91%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398755      1.72%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216362      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       173883      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85702      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       267652      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23233981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9892671                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12172532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1803804                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1102463                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1755280                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10967246                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       250612                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       267652                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37017038                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          28449891                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                300830                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2966114                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9892671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12172532                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9892671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.683643                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.683643                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.372628                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.372628                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       59130217                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18279735                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13040753                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2295781                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1911460                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210658                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       868950                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         835545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246624                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9753                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19955625                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12593876                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2295781                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1082169                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2623202                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        588691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1890332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1241240                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201407                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     24847021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       22223819     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         160216      0.64%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         201223      0.81%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         322660      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         136267      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         173506      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         202553      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          93058      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1333719      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     24847021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086475                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.474374                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19839184                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2020009                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2610707                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1289                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       375824                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       349259                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15394737                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1638                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       375824                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19859719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         64608                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1898875                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2591447                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        56541                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15300289                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         8178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        39240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21368211                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     71142793                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     71142793                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17827695                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3540479                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3688                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1919                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          199556                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1435138                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       747980                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8565                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       170267                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14934310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3703                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14311789                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15304                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843911                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3771845                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          134                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24847021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18784988     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2764005     11.12%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130669      4.55%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       632276      2.54%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858423      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265567      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       260628      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139397      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11068      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24847021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98930     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13589     10.84%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12803     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12056749     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195359      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1768      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1312628      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745285      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14311789                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.539083                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125322                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53611221                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16782010                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13935282                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14437111                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10695                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276311                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11485                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       375824                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         49185                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6301                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14938017                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1435138                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       747980                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1920                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5478                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123491                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119488                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       242979                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14060174                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290414                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251611                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2035579                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1987577                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           745165                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529605                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13935382                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13935282                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8348167                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        22427746                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.524901                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372225                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10372043                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12780904                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2157158                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3569                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       212227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24471196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19060104     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2742965     11.21%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       995906      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       495973      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453427      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190380      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188657      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89614      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254170      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24471196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10372043                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12780904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1895319                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1158824                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1852442                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11507126                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       263963                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       254170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           39155010                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          30251987                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                305244                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1701373                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10372043                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12780904                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10372043                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.559611                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.559611                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.390684                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.390684                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       63260627                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19473262                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14233823                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26548393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2297232                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1912531                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210696                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869862                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836524                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246766                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9752                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19971160                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12602251                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2297232                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1083290                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2625406                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        588523                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1868828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1631                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           93                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1242084                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201412                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     24843024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       22217618     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         160405      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         201672      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         323081      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         136367      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         173684      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         202752      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          92959      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1334486      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     24843024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086530                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.474690                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19854624                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1998606                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2612871                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1297                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       375618                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       349607                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     15404870                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       375618                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19875193                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         64757                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1877253                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2593591                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        56605                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     15310193                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         8216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        39284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     21382155                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     71188985                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     71188985                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17843503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3538652                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3691                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1920                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          199684                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1435896                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       748684                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8607                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       170424                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14943955                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3705                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14322417                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15185                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1842114                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3766443                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24843024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18775971     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2766515     11.14%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1131768      4.56%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       632745      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       859214      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265421      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       260655      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139640      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11095      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24843024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98968     78.95%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13574     10.83%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12817     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12065576     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195528      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1770      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1313532      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       746011      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14322417                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.539483                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125359                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008753                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53628402                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16789863                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13946103                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14447776                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10726                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276035                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           91                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11524                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       375618                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         49301                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6295                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14947665                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11743                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1435896                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748684                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1921                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5485                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           91                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123535                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119491                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       243026                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14070916                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1291447                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251501                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2037331                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1989232                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           745884                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.530010                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13946202                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13946103                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8354815                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        22444037                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.525309                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372251                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10381263                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12792261                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2155474                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       212269                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24467406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19051545     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2745471     11.22%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996601      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496511      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453841      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190539      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188766      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89656      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254476      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24467406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10381263                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12792261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1897021                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1159861                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1854076                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11517376                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       264203                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       254476                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           39160587                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          30271101                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                305369                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1705369                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10381263                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12792261                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10381263                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.557337                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.557337                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.391032                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.391032                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       63309036                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      19488133                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14243805                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3570                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1863312                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1524297                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183699                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763500                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732521                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         190848                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8098                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18068448                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10575107                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1863312                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       923369                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2215108                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        536931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       868931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1112927                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184670                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     21501666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       19286558     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         120285      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         188871      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         301637      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         124973      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         139339      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         149271      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          97298      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1093434      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     21501666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070185                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398333                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       17896479                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1042604                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2207944                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         5725                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       348911                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       304810                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          271                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12912949                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1608                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       348911                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       17924935                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        216872                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       744086                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2185813                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        81046                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12902939                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        21426                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        30807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5095                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17908758                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     60021530                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     60021530                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15238669                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2670089                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3343                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1869                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          242294                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1232213                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       660842                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19561                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       150700                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12882320                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12177645                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15810                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1660881                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3713544                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          381                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21501666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16366925     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2062176      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1125756      5.24%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       767485      3.57%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       718947      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206348      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       161648      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54962      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37419      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21501666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2878     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8967     39.35%     51.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10943     48.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10201489     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192635      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1473      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1125598      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656450      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12177645                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.458696                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22788                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45895554                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14546720                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11979064                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12200433                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36425                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       226317                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          169                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21432                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          780                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       348911                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        140730                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10851                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12885698                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3747                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1232213                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       660842                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1870                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7973                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          169                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106371                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105680                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       212051                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12002128                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1058614                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       175517                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1714762                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1688252                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           656148                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.452085                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11979255                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11979064                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7006183                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        18309387                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.451216                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382655                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8951778                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     10972467                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1913292                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2975                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       187367                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21152755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16695886     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2159841     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       841061      3.98%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451205      2.13%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       338633      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189007      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117621      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104412      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255089      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21152755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8951778                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     10972467                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1645306                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1005896                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1574982                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9887041                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       222885                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       255089                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           33783360                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          26120462                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                295037                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               5046728                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8951778                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            10972467                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8951778                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.965712                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.965712                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.337187                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.337187                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       54121599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16604051                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12041906                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         2972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2052509                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1679162                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842116                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         805838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211058                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9174                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19745141                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11478131                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2052509                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1016896                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2394079                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        553179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1091154                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1209853                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202239                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23579490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21185411     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         110798      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         176420      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         239593      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         246896      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         209462      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         116593      0.49%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         174568      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1119749      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23579490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432347                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19542337                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1296592                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2389503                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2854                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       348201                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       337948                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14084163                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       348201                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19596037                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        184757                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       987415                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2339279                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       123798                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14078566                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        18277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        53107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19641860                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     65490700                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     65490700                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     16990704                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2651151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          368699                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1319027                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       713081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8468                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       229946                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14060968                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3453                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13339273                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1996                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1579786                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3794016                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23579490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17890722     75.87%     75.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2373547     10.07%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1192362      5.06%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871349      3.70%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688390      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281769      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176913      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92432      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12006      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23579490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2759     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8521     38.18%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11039     49.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11219853     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199227      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1207775      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710748      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13339273                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.502451                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22319                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50282351                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15644276                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13137480                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13361592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27117                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215226                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10892                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       348201                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        154318                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12616                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14064446                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1319027                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1769                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10693                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116499                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114548                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       231047                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13154073                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1136149                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1846830                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1868738                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           710681                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.495475                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13137606                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13137480                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7542262                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20330310                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.494850                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.370986                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9904740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12187361                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1877093                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       204472                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23231289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18192170     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2517536     10.84%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932696      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445523      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398792      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216458      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174387      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85732      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       267995      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23231289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9904740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12187361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1805987                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1103798                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1757417                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10980602                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       250913                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       267995                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37027670                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          28477129                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                301197                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2968904                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9904740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12187361                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9904740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.680373                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.680373                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.373082                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.373082                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       59195249                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18301269                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13053366                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2052494                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1679149                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842111                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         805833                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211057                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9174                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19745112                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11478056                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2052494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1016890                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2394065                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        553179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1080773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1209850                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202240                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23569064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21174999     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         110797      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         176419      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         239591      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         246896      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         209461      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         116593      0.49%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         174567      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1119741      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23569064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077311                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.432345                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19542281                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1286236                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2389490                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2853                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       348201                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       337946                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14084078                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       348201                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19595980                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        187849                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       973962                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2339268                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       123801                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14078482                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        18283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        53105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19641726                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     65490306                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     65490306                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16990588                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2651138                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          368688                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1319021                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       713081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8468                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       229946                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14060901                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3453                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13339198                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1998                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1579796                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3794076                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23569064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17880333     75.86%     75.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2373532     10.07%     85.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1192358      5.06%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871329      3.70%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688400      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281761      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176908      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92434      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12009      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23569064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2757     12.35%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8520     38.18%     50.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11039     49.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11219782     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199227      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1207769      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710750      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13339198                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.502448                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22316                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50271774                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15644219                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13137405                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13361514                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27114                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215226                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10892                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       348201                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        157474                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12613                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14064379                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1319021                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1769                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10686                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116499                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114548                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       231047                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13153995                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1136143                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185203                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1846824                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1868723                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           710681                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.495472                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13137531                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13137405                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7542215                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20330166                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.494847                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.370986                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9904674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12187289                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1877103                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       204472                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23220863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18181731     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2517551     10.84%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932712      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445518      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398790      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216464      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174382      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85732      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       267983      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23220863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9904674                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12187289                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1805984                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1103795                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1757403                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10980543                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       250913                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       267983                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           37017194                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          28477000                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                301199                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2979330                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9904674                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12187289                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9904674                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.680390                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.680390                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.373080                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.373080                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       59194925                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18301151                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13053291                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1940465                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1591407                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192044                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       796609                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         755636                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198304                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8539                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18544278                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11039428                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1940465                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       953940                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2426492                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        546707                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1868251                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1144010                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       190764                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23190381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20763889     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         262212      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         305016      1.32%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         166781      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         191328      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         106077      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          72427      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         187393      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1135258      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23190381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.073092                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.415823                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       18392056                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2023664                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2406392                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        18898                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       349368                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       314485                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1992                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13471583                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        10429                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       349368                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       18421565                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        512166                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1429717                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2396562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        81000                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13462327                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        19633                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        38141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     18711090                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     62682467                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     62682467                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     15952875                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2758210                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2053                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          221989                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1285773                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       699663                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18597                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       155421                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13439617                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3620                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12691480                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17202                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1694683                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3926372                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          490                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23190381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17843166     76.94%     76.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2150500      9.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1154410      4.98%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       802079      3.46%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       699608      3.02%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       355904      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87026      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55689      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41999      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23190381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3181     11.59%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11836     43.12%     54.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12433     45.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10623735     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198645      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1552      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1172993      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       694555      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12691480                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.478051                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27450                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48617993                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15138050                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12480341                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12718930                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31792                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       228712                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15698                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          778                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          225                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       349368                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        466714                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12925                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13443260                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1285773                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699663                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2057                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9226                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110936                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108121                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       219057                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12504047                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1102337                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1796679                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1748894                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           694342                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.470991                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12480581                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12480341                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7418829                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        19432408                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.470098                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381776                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9368706                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11493373                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1950037                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3130                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       193045                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22841013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318977                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18145049     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2177103      9.53%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913409      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       548756      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379057      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245694      1.08%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127338      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102398      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202209      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22841013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9368706                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11493373                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1741024                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1057059                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1562                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1644709                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10361802                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       233752                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       202209                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36082149                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          27236203                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                285898                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               3358013                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9368706                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11493373                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9368706                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.833731                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.833731                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.352892                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.352892                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       56405827                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17322697                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12575266                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3126                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1941207                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1591838                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192725                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799512                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         756845                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198445                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8562                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18564329                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11045212                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1941207                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       955290                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2429063                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        547394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1864488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1145533                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191294                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23209377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20780314     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         262884      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         305558      1.32%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         167361      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         191972      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         106002      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          72187      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         186742      0.80%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1136357      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23209377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.073120                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.416041                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       18411969                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      2020055                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2408896                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        18962                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       349492                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       314783                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         2005                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13479923                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        10542                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       349492                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       18441704                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        539882                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1398087                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2399072                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        81137                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13470831                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        19706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        38288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     18721154                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     62724524                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     62724524                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15963778                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2757376                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3567                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2006                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          222084                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1288191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       700205                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18632                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       154299                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13448923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3572                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12701775                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17588                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1693446                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3926468                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          438                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23209377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17857479     76.94%     76.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2153208      9.28%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1155737      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       801281      3.45%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       699899      3.02%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       356800      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87120      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55890      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41963      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23209377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3169     11.56%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11821     43.12%     54.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12422     45.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10632147     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198525      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1554      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1174520      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       695029      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12701775                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.478439                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27412                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48657927                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15146072                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12489387                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12729187                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31620                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230432                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           71                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15770                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          777                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           73                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       349492                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        495655                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12849                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13452518                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4664                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1288191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700205                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2007                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9171                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111536                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108272                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       219808                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12513460                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1103413                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188315                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1798236                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1749856                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           694823                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.471345                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12489624                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12489387                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7423957                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        19449530                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.470439                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381704                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9375094                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11501184                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1951498                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       193738                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22859885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18160481     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2179203      9.53%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913906      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       548860      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379215      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245831      1.08%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127623      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102292      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202474      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22859885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9375094                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11501184                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1742194                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1057759                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1645824                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10368841                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       233910                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       202474                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           36110028                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          27254869                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                286751                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               3339017                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9375094                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11501184                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9375094                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.831800                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.831800                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.353132                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.353132                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       56449360                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      17335383                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12582113                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1864262                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1524983                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183978                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       765215                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732839                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         190798                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8187                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18082077                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10580220                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1864262                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       923637                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2215614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        537804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       907761                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1113716                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184904                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     21555213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       19339599     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         120325      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         188592      0.87%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         301850      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         124772      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         139140      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         149222      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          97533      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1094180      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     21555213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.070221                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.398526                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       17909165                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1082397                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2208359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         5798                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       349491                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       305052                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12918394                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1622                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       349491                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       17937871                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        235686                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       760159                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2185967                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        86036                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12908069                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents         6235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        21777                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        31042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9287                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17913814                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     60044860                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     60044860                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15240246                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2673568                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1872                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          244696                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1232493                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       661183                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19530                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       148875                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12886677                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12179035                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15835                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1664690                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3724918                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          384                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21555213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258922                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16419185     76.17%     76.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2063559      9.57%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1125769      5.22%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       767220      3.56%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       718842      3.33%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206550      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       161783      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54978      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37327      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21555213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2918     12.82%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8892     39.05%     51.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10959     48.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10202884     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192635      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1473      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1125384      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656659      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12179035                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.458748                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22769                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45951887                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14554880                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11980528                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12201804                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36127                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       226483                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21700                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       349491                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        154985                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10846                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12890059                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3685                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1232493                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       661183                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1873                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8001                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106568                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       212294                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12003819                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1058970                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       175216                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1715302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1688317                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           656332                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.452149                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11980728                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11980528                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7005979                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        18308983                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.451271                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382653                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8952702                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     10973627                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1916516                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2975                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       187663                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21205722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16748872     78.98%     78.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2158936     10.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       841292      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451404      2.13%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       339151      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189343      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117348      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104520      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254856      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21205722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8952702                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     10973627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1645493                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1006010                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1575145                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         9888087                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       222909                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       254856                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           33840944                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          26129811                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                295323                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               4993181                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8952702                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            10973627                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8952702                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.965406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.965406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.337222                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.337222                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       54129523                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16604444                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12047282                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         2972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1863694                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1524322                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184153                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       765932                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         731845                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191147                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8172                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18086471                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             10577937                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1863694                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       922992                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2214233                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        537955                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       860093                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1114100                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       185072                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     21510521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       19296288     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         119556      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         187909      0.87%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         301591      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         125138      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         139321      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         149295      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          97987      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1093436      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     21510521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070200                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.398440                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       17914021                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1034227                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2207124                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         5692                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       349454                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       305102                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12915676                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       349454                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       17941971                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        215369                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       736938                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2185419                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        81367                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12905935                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        21428                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        30751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5423                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     17913399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     60032825                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     60032825                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     15244877                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2668522                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3387                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1911                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          242469                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1231702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       661461                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19496                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       150255                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12886861                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3398                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12185464                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15913                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1657967                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3698620                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          422                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21510521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16372926     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2063302      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1126443      5.24%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       767345      3.57%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       719618      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206369      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       162128      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54964      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37426      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21510521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2869     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8759     38.75%     51.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10977     48.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10207954     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192646      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1474      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1126518      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656872      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12185464                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.458991                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22605                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001855                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45919967                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14548376                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11986336                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12208069                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36527                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       225363                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21757                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          784                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       349454                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        141745                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10748                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12890282                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          217                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1231702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       661461                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1911                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7863                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106892                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105727                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       212619                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12009224                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1059007                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       176240                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1715573                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1689105                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           656566                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.452352                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             11986537                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            11986336                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7008049                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        18313019                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.451490                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382681                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8955435                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     10977047                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1913298                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2976                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       187850                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21161067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16702865     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2159754     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       841638      3.98%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451598      2.13%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       338679      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189460      0.90%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117572      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104233      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255268      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21161067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      8955435                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     10977047                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1646043                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1006339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1575652                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9891180                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       222990                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       255268                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           33796079                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          26130180                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                295775                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               5037873                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           8955435                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            10977047                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      8955435                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.964501                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.964501                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.337325                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.337325                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       54154034                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16613658                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12045631                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         2974                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2296120                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1911606                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210588                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869467                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836143                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246648                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9748                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19961894                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12596234                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2296120                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1082791                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2624158                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        588232                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1885719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1241498                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201313                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     24850773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       22226615     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         160323      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         201590      0.81%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         322929      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         136310      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         173593      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         202643      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          92917      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1333853      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     24850773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086488                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.474463                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19846940                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2015460                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2611632                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1298                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       375435                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       349438                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15397542                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       375435                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19867498                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         64748                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1894136                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2592364                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        56585                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15302948                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         8219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        39261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     21372059                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     71155461                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     71155461                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17835304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3536730                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3690                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1920                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          199604                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1435238                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       748334                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8605                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       170340                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14936953                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3705                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14315660                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15169                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841198                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3764891                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24850773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18786484     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2765331     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1131222      4.55%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       632448      2.54%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858799      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265304      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       260558      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139539      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11088      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24850773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98908     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13572     10.83%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12811     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12059891     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195428      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1769      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1312918      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745654      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14315660                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.539229                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125291                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008752                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53622552                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16781945                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13939558                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14440951                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10724                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       275918                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           91                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11528                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       375435                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         49299                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6294                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14940663                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11735                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1435238                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748334                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1921                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5484                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           91                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123476                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119426                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       242902                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14064307                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290840                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2036369                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1988291                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           745529                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.529761                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13939657                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13939558                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8350912                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        22433674                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.525062                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372249                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10376492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12786330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2154389                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       212161                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24475338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19061970     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2744231     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996130      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496269      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453641      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190443      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188683      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89613      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254358      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24475338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10376492                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12786330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1896123                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1159317                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1853208                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11512030                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       264073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       254358                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           39161621                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          30256900                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                305233                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1697621                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10376492                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12786330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10376492                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.558513                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.558513                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390852                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390852                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       63279365                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      19479026                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      14237020                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3570                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1785484                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1605017                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       141947                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1226817                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1198283                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101133                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4166                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19057575                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10160296                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1785484                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1299416                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2269064                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        471362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       797268                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1152938                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       138951                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     22452570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.503879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.731484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20183506     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         357005      1.59%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         167663      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         353054      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         101908      0.45%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         329383      1.47%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          48321      0.22%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          76423      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         835307      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     22452570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.067254                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.382708                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       18831331                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1028071                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2264452                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1832                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       326880                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       158745                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1783                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     11292890                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4361                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       326880                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       18856934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        749606                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       199928                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2239905                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        79313                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     11274155                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         8837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        63806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     14698307                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     50976074                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     50976074                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     11867706                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2830507                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1428                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          725                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          170124                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2105999                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       311631                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1968                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        70726                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         11216379                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1432                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        10489078                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6836                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2065537                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4233888                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22452570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.467166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.076053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17844027     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1417233      6.31%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1590943      7.09%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       903033      4.02%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       449432      2.00%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112341      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130000      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3061      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2500      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22452570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16611     56.52%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7166     24.38%     80.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5612     19.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8180267     77.99%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77653      0.74%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          704      0.01%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1921885     18.32%     97.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       308569      2.94%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     10489078                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.395093                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29389                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002802                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43466951                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13283377                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10221097                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     10518467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7678                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       434709                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7819                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       326880                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        649269                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9484                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11217819                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2105999                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       311631                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          724                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3833                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          266                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96077                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53834                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       149911                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10360975                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1895288                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128103                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2203830                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1581733                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           308542                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.390267                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             10223686                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            10221097                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6202113                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        13221467                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.384999                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.469094                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8171341                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      9137826                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2080393                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1418                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       140895                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22125690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.412996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18756515     84.77%     84.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1301475      5.88%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       859062      3.88%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       265381      1.20%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       454352      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84165      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53092      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47885      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303763      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22125690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8171341                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      9137826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1975068                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1671264                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               708                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1408401                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         7966018                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       108181                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       303763                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           33040120                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          22763708                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                432476                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               4095824                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8171341                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             9137826                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8171341                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.248964                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.248964                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.307790                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.307790                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       48267926                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      13253372                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12104274                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1416                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1867161                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1527163                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184579                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       766116                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         734163                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191311                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8147                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18117214                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10595037                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1867161                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       925474                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2219266                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        538474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       800299                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1115951                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       185529                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     21486625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.948338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       19267359     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         120656      0.56%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         189127      0.88%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         302076      1.41%     92.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         125496      0.58%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         139844      0.65%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         148736      0.69%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          97423      0.45%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1095908      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     21486625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070330                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399084                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       17945660                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       973488                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2212158                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         5737                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       349579                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       305730                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          270                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12937529                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1597                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       349579                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       17973942                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        209897                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       681488                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2190174                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        81542                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12927784                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        21691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        30667                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5556                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     17941847                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     60137449                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     60137449                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15269792                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2672055                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1882                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          242363                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1234710                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       661936                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19513                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       150489                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12907747                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3372                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12202390                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15830                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1660817                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3719417                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          393                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21486625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16340900     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2066431      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1128668      5.25%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       769384      3.58%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       720162      3.35%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206592      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       162067      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54907      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37514      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21486625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2866     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8977     39.36%     51.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10967     48.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10222623     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192962      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1476      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1127708      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       657621      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12202390                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.459628                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22810                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45930045                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14572096                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12003117                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12225200                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36314                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       226752                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          167                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21212                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          785                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       349579                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        134170                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10701                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12911139                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3602                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1234710                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       661936                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1884                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7813                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          167                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106876                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       212883                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12026153                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1060239                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       176237                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1717548                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1691813                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           657309                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.452990                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12003320                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12003117                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7018506                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        18343553                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.452122                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382614                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8970003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     10994913                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1916308                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2979                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       188247                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21137046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16672181     78.88%     78.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2163432     10.24%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       842657      3.99%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451321      2.14%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       339817      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189291      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117849      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104597      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255901      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21137046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8970003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     10994913                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1648682                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1007958                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1486                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1578226                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         9907258                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       223349                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       255901                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           33792301                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          26172053                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                296110                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               5061769                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8970003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            10994913                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8970003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.959686                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.959686                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.337874                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.337874                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       54228534                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16637239                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12064169                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         2976                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3738                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.932804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         151663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        26.212064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.286216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.884979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1272.398557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         758.363051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.621288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.370294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3667                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3738                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3609153994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3676020494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612183805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3679050305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612183805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3679050305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.504798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.504794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.504794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974393.626890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 984208.967604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974422.391422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 984229.616105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974422.391422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 984229.616105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3283906575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3348051275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286672986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350817686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286672986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350817686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886583.848542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896399.270415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886612.620987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896419.926699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886612.620987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896419.926699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         1256                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.422257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         154527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        46.798001                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.096169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.433591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   584.907997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1404.984500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.014860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.285600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.686028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  2933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   2951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  2951                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 1256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1215                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                1256                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82210819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    970613266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1052824085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82210819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    970613266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1052824085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82210819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    970613266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1052824085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              4189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               4207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              4207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2005141.926829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 798858.655144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 838235.736465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2005141.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 798858.655144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 838235.736465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2005141.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 798858.655144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 838235.736465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                533                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     533                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            1255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           1255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78611019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    862760345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    941371364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78611019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    862760345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    941371364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78611019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    862760345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    941371364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.292812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1917341.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 710675.737232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750096.704382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1917341.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 710675.737232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750096.704382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1917341.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 710675.737232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750096.704382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1899                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.511155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         177530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        44.978465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          49.340543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.592030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   845.244447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1129.334136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.011520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.412717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.551433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1887                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1887                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3395                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3396                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1899                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1573923475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1651491862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1573923475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1651491862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1573923475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1651491862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.355331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.359659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.358640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.358640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844832.783145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 869663.961032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844832.783145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 869663.961032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844832.783145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 869663.961032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               1098                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    1098                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1410352075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484759662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1410352075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484759662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1410352075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484759662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.355331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 757032.783145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781863.961032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 757032.783145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781863.961032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 757032.783145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781863.961032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1253                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.425129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         154516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        46.837223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.101385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.445613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   583.573141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1406.304990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.014866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.284948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.686672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  2924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   2942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2940                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  2942                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1253                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103434069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    995800740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1099234809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103434069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    995800740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1099234809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103434069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    995800740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1099234809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2522782.170732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 821617.772277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877282.369513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2522782.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 821617.772277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877282.369513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2522782.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 821617.772277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877282.369513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99833489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    888851967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    988685456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99833489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    888851967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    988685456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99833489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    888851967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    988685456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2434963.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 733981.805945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789684.869010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2434963.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 733981.805945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789684.869010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2434963.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 733981.805945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789684.869010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          953                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.518166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         177771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        59.237254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.319746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.276221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   449.173817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1526.748382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.015760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.219323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.745483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  2841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            880                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 880                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   2856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2854                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  2856                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 953                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    748864884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     865679779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    748864884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      865679779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    748864884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     865679779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              3794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          880                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             880                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               3809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              3809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.243539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.251186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.250197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.250197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 819327.006565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 908373.325289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 819327.006565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 908373.325289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 819327.006565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 908373.325289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                494                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     494                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    668601678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    781992373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    668601678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    781992373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    668601678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    781992373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.243539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 731511.682713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 820558.628541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 731511.682713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 820558.628541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 731511.682713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 820558.628541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          956                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.517895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         177776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        59.179760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.318399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    32.276704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   449.732397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1526.190395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.015760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.219596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.745210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  2845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            881                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 881                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   2860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2858                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  2860                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 956                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107669453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    741735526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     849404979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107669453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    741735526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      849404979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107669453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    741735526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     849404979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              3801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          881                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             881                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               3816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              3816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.243883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.251513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.250524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.250524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2760755.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 808871.893130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 888498.932008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2760755.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 808871.893130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 888498.932008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2760755.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 808871.893130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 888498.932008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                497                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     497                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104245253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    661222926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    765468179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104245253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    661222926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    765468179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104245253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    661222926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    765468179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.243883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2672955.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 721071.893130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800698.932008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2672955.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 721071.893130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800698.932008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2672955.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 721071.893130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800698.932008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2983                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.621703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         117675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5029                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        23.399284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.797031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.630690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   868.008412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1144.185571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.423832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.558684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3580                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3581                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2947                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2983                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68689360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2729892687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2798582047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6903314                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6903314                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68689360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2736796001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     2805485361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68689360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2736796001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    2805485361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              6549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               6564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              6564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.454726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1908037.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 927903.700544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939752.198455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1380662.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1380662.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1908037.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 928671.870037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 940491.237345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1908037.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 928671.870037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 940491.237345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                457                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     457                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65527561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2471502251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2537029812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6464314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6464314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65527561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2477966565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2543494126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65527561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2477966565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2543494126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1820210.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 840075.544188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851924.047011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1292862.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1292862.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1820210.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 840843.761452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852663.133087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1820210.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 840843.761452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852663.133087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1252                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.420738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         154521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        46.852941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.096902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.453018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   583.824857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1406.045962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.014870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.285071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.686546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  2928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   2946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2944                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  2946                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1211                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1251                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84482075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    984354766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1068836841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84482075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    984354766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1068836841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84482075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    984354766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1068836841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2112051.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 812844.563171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 854385.964029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2112051.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 812844.563171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 854385.964029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2112051.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 812844.563171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 854385.964029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80969109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    877478971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    958448080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80969109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    877478971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    958448080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80969109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    877478971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    958448080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024227.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 725189.232231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766758.464000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024227.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 725189.232231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766758.464000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024227.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 725189.232231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766758.464000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1252                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.420980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         154521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        46.852941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.096562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.454537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   584.099493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1405.770387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.014870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.285205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.686411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  2928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   2946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2944                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  2946                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1211                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1251                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88226695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    989200233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1077426928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88226695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    989200233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1077426928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88226695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    989200233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1077426928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               4197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              4197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2205667.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816845.774566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 861252.540368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2205667.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816845.774566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861252.540368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2205667.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816845.774566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861252.540368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84713700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    882349509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    967063209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84713700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    882349509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    967063209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84713700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    882349509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    967063209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2117842.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 729214.470248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773650.567200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2117842.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 729214.470248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773650.567200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2117842.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 729214.470248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773650.567200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         1854                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.519598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         177497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         3902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        45.488724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          49.736319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.477193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   836.575126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1138.730960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.408484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.556021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1882                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1882                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3367                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3368                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                1854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1820                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                1854                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62627743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1544256337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1606884080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62627743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1544256337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1606884080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62627743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1544256337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1606884080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              5207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1882                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1882                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               5222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              5222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1841992.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 848492.492857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 866712.017260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1841992.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 848492.492857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 866712.017260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1841992.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 848492.492857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 866712.017260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               1071                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    1071                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            1854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           1854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     59630689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1383652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1443282689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     59630689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1383652000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1443282689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     59630689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1383652000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1443282689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1753843.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 760248.351648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778469.627292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1753843.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 760248.351648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778469.627292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1753843.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 760248.351648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778469.627292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1841                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.508305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         177530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3889                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        45.649267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.526772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.243823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   833.567785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1141.169925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.010861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.407016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.557212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1894                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1894                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3388                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3389                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1841                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69092750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1508907702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1578000452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69092750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1508907702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1578000452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69092750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1508907702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1578000452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              5215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1894                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1894                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               5230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              5230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.348842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.353020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.347834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.352008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.347834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.352008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2032139.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 835034.699502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857143.102662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2032139.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 835034.699502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 857143.102662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2032139.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 835034.699502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 857143.102662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               1067                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    1067                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66107550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1350253102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1416360652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66107550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1350253102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1416360652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66107550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1350253102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1416360652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.348842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.347834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.347834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1944339.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 747234.699502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769343.102662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1944339.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 747234.699502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769343.102662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1944339.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 747234.699502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769343.102662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         2987                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.624023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         117674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         5033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        23.380489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.802343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    21.609615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   872.270140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1140.941925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.010552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.425913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.557101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            815                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 815                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3576                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3577                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                2982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 2987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2951                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                2987                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51420847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2706136973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2757557820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6653641                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6653641                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51420847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2712790614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     2764211461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51420847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2712790614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    2764211461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              6549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          815                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             815                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               6564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              6564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.452396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.452122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.455058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.452122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.455058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1428356.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 918580.099457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924734.346076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1330728.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1330728.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1428356.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 919278.418841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 925413.947439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1428356.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 919278.418841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 925413.947439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                461                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     461                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            2987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           2987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     48258886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2447417165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2495676051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6214391                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6214391                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     48258886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2453631556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2501890442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     48258886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2453631556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2501890442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.452396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.452122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.452122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1340524.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 830759.390699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836913.497988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1242878.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1242878.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1340524.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 831457.660454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837593.050552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1340524.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 831457.660454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837593.050552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         2971                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.613114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         117676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        23.455451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.792782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.099599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   869.532084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1143.188649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.010791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.424576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.558198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3581                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3582                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                2966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 2971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2935                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                2971                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45594151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2688114993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2733709144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7862950                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7862950                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45594151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2695977943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     2741572094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45594151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2695977943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    2741572094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              6538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               6553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              6553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1266504.194444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 917445.390102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921682.111935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1572590                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1572590                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1266504.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 918561.479727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922777.547627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1266504.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 918561.479727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922777.547627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                458                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     458                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            2971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           2971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     42433042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2430841013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2473274055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7423950                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7423950                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     42433042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2438264963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2480698005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     42433042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2438264963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2480698005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1178695.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 829638.570990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833875.271409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1484790                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1484790                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1178695.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 830754.672232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834970.718613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1178695.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 830754.672232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834970.718613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          956                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.517721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         177777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        59.180093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.318887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    32.277571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   449.278585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1526.642678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.015761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.219374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.745431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  2846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            881                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 881                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   2861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  2861                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          917                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 956                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110809422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    748812772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     859622194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110809422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    748812772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      859622194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110809422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    748812772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     859622194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              3802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          881                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             881                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               3817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              3817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.243818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.251447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.242850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.250458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.242850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.250458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2841267.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 816589.718648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 899186.395397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2841267.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 816589.718648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 899186.395397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2841267.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 816589.718648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 899186.395397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                497                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     497                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    107384735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    668286833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    775671568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    107384735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    668286833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    775671568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    107384735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    668286833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    775671568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.243818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.242850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.242850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2753454.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 728775.172301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811371.933054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2753454.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 728775.172301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811371.933054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2753454.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 728775.172301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811371.933054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2040                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.835788                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         114934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         4088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        28.114971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.808223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.807009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   928.630145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1069.590412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.009671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.453433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.522261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3259                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3260                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2007                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2041                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71408861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1597444679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1668853540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71408861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1597444679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1668853540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71408861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1597444679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1668853540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              5295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               5301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              5301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.381559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.385458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.381124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.385022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.381124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.385022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2100260.617647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 795936.561535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817664.644782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2100260.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 795936.561535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817664.644782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2100260.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 795936.561535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817664.644782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                294                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     294                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68423661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1421272688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1489696349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68423661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1421272688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1489696349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68423661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1421272688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1489696349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.381559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.381124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.381124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2012460.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 708157.791729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729885.521313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2012460.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 708157.791729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729885.521313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2012460.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 708157.791729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729885.521313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2981                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.610810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         117687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        23.410981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.785774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    21.323790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   868.371526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1145.129720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.010412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.424010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.559145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3592                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3593                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2946                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2981                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     36946577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2686642520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2723589097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6181517                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6181517                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     36946577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2692824037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     2729770614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     36946577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2692824037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    2729770614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              6559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               6574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              6574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.450866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.450597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.450597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1055616.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 913513.267596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 915184.508401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1236303.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1236303.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1055616.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 914061.112356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 915723.117746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1055616.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 914061.112356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 915723.117746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                458                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     458                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     33872519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2428371531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2462244050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5742250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5742250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     33872519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2434113781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2467986300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     33872519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2434113781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2467986300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.450866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.450597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.450597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 967786.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 825695.862292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827366.952285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1148450                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1148450                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 967786.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 826243.645961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827905.501510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 967786.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 826243.645961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827905.501510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              569.844900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001082147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1741012.429565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.116107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.728793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.045058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.868155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             51527.478175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.851192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.148808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.433012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.566988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2799576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14692554901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14692554901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702545458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14702545458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702545458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14702545458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2826789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4359585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4359585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539909.414655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539909.414655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539919.410158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 539919.410158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539919.410158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 539919.410158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3889346236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3889346236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892593247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892593247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892593247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892593247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527941.663635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527941.663635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527952.427370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527952.427370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527952.427370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527952.427370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              510.479561                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              971661590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1875794.575290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    35.479561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.056858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1211228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1211228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1211228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1211228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1211228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1211228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94942799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94942799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94942799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94942799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94942799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94942799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1211280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1211280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1211280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1211280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1211280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1211280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1825823.057692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1825823.057692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1825823.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1825823.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1825823.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1825823.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82693020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82693020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82693020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82693020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82693020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82693020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1923093.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923093.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1923093.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923093.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1923093.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923093.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4164                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              148146229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             33517.246380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   223.799298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    32.200702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.874216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.125784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       831878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        831878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       699598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       699598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1531476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1531476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1531476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1531476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        13282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        13282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4427689954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4427689954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8671109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8671109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4436361063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4436361063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4436361063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4436361063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       845056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       845056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       699702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       699702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1544758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1544758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1544758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1544758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 335991.042192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335991.042192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 83376.048077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83376.048077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 334013.029890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334013.029890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 334013.029890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334013.029890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1171691461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1171691461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1158973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1172850434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172850434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1172850434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172850434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 282607.684756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282607.684756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64387.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64387.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 281664.369356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281664.369356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 281664.369356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281664.369356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              514.102644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              972825052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1874422.065511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    32.102644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.051447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.823882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1145711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1145711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1145711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1145711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1145711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1145711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1145760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1145760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1145760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1145760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1145760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1145760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5258                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              153885797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             27908.196772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   226.783229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    29.216771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.885872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.114128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       805891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        805891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       680776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1486667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1486667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1486667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1486667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        18592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        18592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7703759873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7703759873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    352409496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    352409496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8056169369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8056169369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8056169369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8056169369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       823931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       823931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       681328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       681328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1505259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1505259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1505259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1505259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 427037.686973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 427037.686973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       638423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       638423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 433313.756938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433313.756938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 433313.756938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433313.756938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3436253                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 572708.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1811404716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1811404716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       981998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       981998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1812386714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1812386714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1812386714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1812386714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 345490.123212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345490.123212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65466.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65466.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 344691.273108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344691.273108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 344691.273108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344691.273108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              510.459237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              971658876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1875789.335907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.459237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.056826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1208514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1208514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1208514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1208514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1208514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1208514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    115794552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115794552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    115794552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    115794552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    115794552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    115794552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1208564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1208564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1208564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1208564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1208564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1208564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2315891.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2315891.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2315891.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2315891.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2315891.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2315891.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305918                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305918                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103916972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103916972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103916972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103916972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103916972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103916972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2416673.767442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2416673.767442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2416673.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2416673.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2416673.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2416673.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4152                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148142757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             33607.703494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.768152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.231848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.874094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.125906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       830015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        830015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       697995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       697995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1528010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1528010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1528010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1528010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        13249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        13249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4420701206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4420701206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8681741                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8681741                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4429382947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4429382947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4429382947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4429382947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       843160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       698099                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       698099                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1541259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1541259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1541259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1541259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 336302.868467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336302.868467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83478.278846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83478.278846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 334318.284172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334318.284172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 334318.284172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334318.284172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9097                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9097                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1196283614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1196283614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1158884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1197442498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1197442498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1197442498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1197442498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 289376.781326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289376.781326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64382.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64382.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 288401.372351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288401.372351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 288401.372351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288401.372351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              491.155051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              974824741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1965372.461694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.155051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.057941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1241180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1241180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2399686                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 479937.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 3768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              144468913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35901.817346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   220.614039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    35.385961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.861774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.138226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       988437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       732813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       732813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1721250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1721250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           77                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         9715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9715                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         9715                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2201685452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2201685452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5798567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5798567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2207484019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2207484019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2207484019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2207484019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       998075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       732890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       732890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1730965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1730965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1730965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1730965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 228438.000830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228438.000830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 75306.064935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75306.064935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 227224.294287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227224.294287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 227224.294287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227224.294287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    941354981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    941354981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1034024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1034024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    942389005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    942389005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    942389005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    942389005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 250827.333067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250827.333067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68934.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68934.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 250103.239119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250103.239119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 250103.239119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250103.239119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              491.162895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              974825586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1965374.165323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    36.162895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.057953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1242025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1242025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1242025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1242025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1242025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158479108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158479108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158479108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    158479108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158479108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    158479108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1242080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1242080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1242080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2881438.327273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2881438.327273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2881438.327273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2881438.327273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2881438.327273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2881438.327273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2071821                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 345303.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108127701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108127701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108127701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108127701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108127701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108127701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2637261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2637261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2637261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2637261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2637261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2637261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              144470337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35839.825602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   220.628397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    35.371603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.861830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.138170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       989184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        989184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       733487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       733487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1722671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1722671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1722671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1722671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         9723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9723                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         9723                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2189557463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2189557463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5185766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5185766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2194743229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2194743229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2194743229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2194743229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       998843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       733551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       733551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1732394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1732394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1732394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1732394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 226685.729682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226685.729682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 81027.593750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81027.593750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 225726.959683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225726.959683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 225726.959683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225726.959683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          881                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             881                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5948                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5948                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    934620699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    934620699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1017268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1017268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    935637967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    935637967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    935637967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    935637967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 248569.334840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248569.334840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 67817.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67817.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 247851.117086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247851.117086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 247851.117086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247851.117086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              520.380056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              977216385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1854300.540797                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    30.380056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.048686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1112870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1112870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1112870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1112870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1112870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1112870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109168981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109168981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109168981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109168981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109168981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109168981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1112927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1112927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1112927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1112927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1112927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1112927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1915245.280702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1915245.280702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1915245.280702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1915245.280702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1915245.280702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1915245.280702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69065245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69065245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69065245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69065245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69065245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69065245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1866628.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1866628.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1866628.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1866628.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1866628.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1866628.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6527                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              162721424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             23989.595164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   228.040271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    27.959729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.890782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.109218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       770169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        770169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       636313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       636313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1406482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1406482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1406482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1406482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        17124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        17124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7615084629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7615084629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     64764414                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     64764414                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7679849043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7679849043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7679849043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7679849043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       787200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       787200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       636406                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       636406                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1423606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1423606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1423606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1423606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 447130.798485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447130.798485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 696391.548387                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 696391.548387                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 448484.527155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448484.527155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 448484.527155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448484.527155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10597                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10597                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2988799473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2988799473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7595948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7595948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2996395421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2996395421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2996395421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2996395421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 458967.978041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458967.978041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 506396.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 506396.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 459076.975793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459076.975793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 459076.975793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459076.975793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              510.432509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              971660165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1879420.048356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.432509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.056783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1209803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1209803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1209803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1209803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1209803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1209803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94965851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94965851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94965851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94965851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94965851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94965851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1209852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1209852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1209852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1209852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1209852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1938078.591837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1938078.591837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1938078.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1938078.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1938078.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1938078.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290966                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290966                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84955983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84955983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84955983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84955983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84955983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84955983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2022761.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2022761.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2022761.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2022761.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2022761.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2022761.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148144343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             33585.205849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   223.785371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    32.214629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.874162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.125838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       830760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        830760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       698840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       698840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1529600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1529600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1529600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1529600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        13256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        13256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4389063682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4389063682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8770156                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8770156                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4397833838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4397833838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4397833838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4397833838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       843912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       698944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       698944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1542856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1542856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1542856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1542856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 333718.345651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333718.345651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84328.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84328.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 331761.756035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331761.756035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 331761.756035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331761.756035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1185058986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1185058986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1176097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1176097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1186235083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1186235083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1186235083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1186235083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 286453.707034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286453.707034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65338.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65338.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 285495.808183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285495.808183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 285495.808183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285495.808183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              510.432938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              971660161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1879420.040619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    35.432938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.056784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1209799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1209799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1209799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1209799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1209799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1209799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100179695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100179695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100179695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100179695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100179695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100179695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1209849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1209849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1209849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1209849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1209849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2003593.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2003593.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2003593.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2003593.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2003593.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2003593.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289999                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289999                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88702512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88702512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88702512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88702512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88702512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88702512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2111964.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2111964.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2111964.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2111964.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2111964.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2111964.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              148144342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             33585.205622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   223.756158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    32.243842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.874047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.125953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       830759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        830759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       698840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       698840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1529599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1529599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1529599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1529599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        13257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        13257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4450951002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4450951002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8769644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8769644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4459720646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4459720646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4459720646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4459720646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       843912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       698944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       698944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1542856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1542856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1542856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1542856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 338398.160268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338398.160268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84323.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84323.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 336404.966885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336404.966885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 336404.966885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336404.966885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1189909065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1189909065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1175237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1175237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1191084302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1191084302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1191084302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1191084302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 287626.073241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287626.073241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 65290.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65290.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 286662.888568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286662.888568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 286662.888568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286662.888568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              512.706655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              972823301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1881669.827853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    30.706655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.049209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1143960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1143960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1143960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1143960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1143960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1143960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93974780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93974780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93974780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93974780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93974780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93974780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1144010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1144010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1144010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1144010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1144010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1144010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1879495.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1879495.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1879495.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1879495.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1879495.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1879495.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62999942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62999942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62999942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62999942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62999942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62999942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1799998.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1799998.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1799998.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1799998.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1799998.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1799998.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5187                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              153884054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             28271.918795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   226.707625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    29.292375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.885577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.114423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       804833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        804833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       680085                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680085                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1679                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1679                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1484918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1484918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1484918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1484918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          532                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          532                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        18525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        18525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7774095919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7774095919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    324455781                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    324455781                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8098551700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8098551700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8098551700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8098551700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       822826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       822826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       680617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1503443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1503443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1503443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1503443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 432062.241927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 432062.241927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 609879.287594                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 609879.287594                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 437168.782726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437168.782726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 437168.782726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437168.782726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2611222                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 522244.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13338                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13338                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1779636508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1779636508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       970957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       970957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1780607465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1780607465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1780607465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1780607465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 344090.585460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344090.585460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64730.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64730.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 343282.719298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343282.719298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 343282.719298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343282.719298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              512.201805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              972824819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1881672.764023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.201805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.048400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1145478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1145478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1145478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1145478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1145478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1145478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107468210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107468210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107468210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107468210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107468210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107468210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1145533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1145533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1145533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1145533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1145533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1145533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1953967.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1953967.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1953967.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1953967.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1953967.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1953967.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69459110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69459110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69459110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69459110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69459110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69459110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1984546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1984546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1984546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1984546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1984546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1984546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5195                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              153885721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             28230.732159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   226.701150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    29.298850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.885551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.114449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       806063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        806063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       680550                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680550                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1649                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1649                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1486613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1486613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1486613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1486613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          534                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          534                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        18572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        18572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7685602156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7685602156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    330074614                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    330074614                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8015676770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8015676770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8015676770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8015676770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       824101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       824101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       681084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       681084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1649                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1649                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1505185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1505185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1505185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1505185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 426078.398714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426078.398714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 618117.254682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 618117.254682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 431600.084536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431600.084536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 431600.084536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431600.084536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       808901                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 134816.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13377                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13377                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1745612763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745612763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       971901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1746584664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1746584664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1746584664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1746584664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336990.880888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336990.880888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64793.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64793.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336204.940135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336204.940135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336204.940135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336204.940135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              519.091387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              977217176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1854302.041746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.091387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.046621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1113661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1113661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1113661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1113661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1113661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1113661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75797291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75797291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75797291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75797291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75797291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75797291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1113716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1113716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1113716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1113716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1113716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1113716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1378132.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1378132.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1378132.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1378132.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1378132.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1378132.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51799260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51799260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51799260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51799260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51799260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51799260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1399980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1399980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1399980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1399980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1399980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1399980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 6527                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              162721911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 6783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             23989.666962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   228.055279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    27.944721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.890841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.109159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       770582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        770582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       636391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       636391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1827                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1827                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1406973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1406973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1406973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1406973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        17302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        17302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7751199523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7751199523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     62254550                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62254550                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7813454073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7813454073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7813454073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7813454073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       787796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       787796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       636479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       636479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1827                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1827                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1424275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1424275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1424275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1424275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 450284.624317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 450284.624317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 707438.068182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 707438.068182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 451592.536874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451592.536874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 451592.536874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451592.536874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          815                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             815                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10775                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10775                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2964679989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2964679989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7341302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7341302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2972021291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2972021291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2972021291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2972021291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 455264.126075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455264.126075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 489420.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 489420.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 455342.621572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455342.621572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 455342.621572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455342.621572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              519.516921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              977217556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1854302.762808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    29.516921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.047303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1114041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1114041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1114041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1114041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1114041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1114041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72348635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72348635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72348635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72348635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72348635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72348635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1114100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1114100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1114100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1114100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1114100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1114100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1226248.050847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1226248.050847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1226248.050847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1226248.050847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1226248.050847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1226248.050847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45961850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45961850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45961850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45961850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45961850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45961850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1242212.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1242212.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1242212.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1242212.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1242212.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1242212.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 6516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              162721863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             24028.627141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   228.025124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    27.974876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.890723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.109277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       770277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        770277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       636606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       636606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1406883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1406883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1406883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1406883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        17156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        17156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7550766813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7550766813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     73695839                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73695839                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7624462652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7624462652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7624462652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7624462652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       787341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       787341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       636698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       636698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1424039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1424039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1424039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1424039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 442496.883087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442496.883087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 801041.728261                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 801041.728261                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 444419.599674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444419.599674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 444419.599674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444419.599674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2946968987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2946968987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8555686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8555686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2955524673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2955524673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2955524673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2955524673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453310.104138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453310.104138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 570379.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 570379.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453579.599908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453579.599908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453579.599908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453579.599908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              491.157698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              974824998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1965372.979839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    36.157698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.057945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1241437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1241437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1241437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1241437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1241437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    164019146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164019146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    164019146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164019146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    164019146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164019146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1241494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1241494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1241494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2877528.877193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2877528.877193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2877528.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2877528.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2877528.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2877528.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1759007                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 351801.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111279071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111279071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111279071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111279071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111279071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111279071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2714123.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2714123.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2714123.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2714123.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2714123.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2714123.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              144469510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             35830.731647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   220.616822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    35.383178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.861784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.138216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       988710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       733134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       733134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1721844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1721844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         9725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         9725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2205073404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2205073404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5184657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5184657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2210258061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2210258061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2210258061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2210258061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       998371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       733198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       733198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1731569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1731569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 228244.840493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228244.840493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 81010.265625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81010.265625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 227275.893162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227275.893162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 227275.893162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227275.893162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          881                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             881                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    941701305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    941701305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1017216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1017216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    942718521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    942718521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    942718521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    942718521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 250385.882744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250385.882744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67814.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67814.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 249660.625265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249660.625265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 249660.625265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249660.625265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              551.859363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              888968740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1581794.911032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.797026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.062337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.041341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1152893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1152893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1152893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1152893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1152893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1152893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89804346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89804346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89804346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89804346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89804346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89804346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1152938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1152938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1152938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1152938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1152938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1152938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1995652.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1995652.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1995652.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1995652.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1995652.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1995652.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71757215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71757215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71757215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71757215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71757215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71757215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2050206.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2050206.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2050206.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2050206.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2050206.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2050206.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5265                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              199456394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             36126.859989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   184.516917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    71.483083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.720769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.279231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1741475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1741475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       302348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       302348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          713                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          713                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          708                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          708                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2043823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2043823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2043823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2043823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9208507808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9208507808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2151583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2151583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9210659391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9210659391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9210659391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9210659391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1760786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1760786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       302374                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       302374                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          713                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          713                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          708                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          708                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2063160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2063160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2063160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2063160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 476852.975403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 476852.975403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 82753.192308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82753.192308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 476323.079640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 476323.079640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 476323.079640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 476323.079640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14071                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14071                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1827091012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1827091012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1827475612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1827475612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1827475612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1827475612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 347355.705703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347355.705703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 347032.968477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347032.968477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 347032.968477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347032.968477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              518.628137                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              977219409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1857831.576046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.628137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.045878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1115894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1115894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1115894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1115894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1115894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1115894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54522630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54522630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54522630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54522630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54522630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54522630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1115951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1115951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1115951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1115951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1115951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1115951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 956537.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 956537.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 956537.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 956537.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 956537.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 956537.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     37302980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37302980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     37302980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37302980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     37302980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37302980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1036193.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036193.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1036193.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036193.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1036193.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036193.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 6538                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              162723872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             23951.114513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   228.030954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    27.969046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.890746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.109254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       771295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        771295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       637621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       637621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1408916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1408916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1408916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1408916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        17213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        17213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7583364733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7583364733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     59914045                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59914045                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7643278778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7643278778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7643278778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7643278778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       788414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       788414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       637715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       637715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1426129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1426129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1426129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1426129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 442979.422455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442979.422455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 637383.457447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 637383.457447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 444041.060710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444041.060710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 444041.060710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444041.060710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2946306689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2946306689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6873295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6873295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2953179984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2953179984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2953179984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2953179984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 451679.700904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451679.700904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 458219.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458219.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 451694.705414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451694.705414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 451694.705414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451694.705414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
