
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001195                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1194601584                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400396743012                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 391268                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   515938                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  40191                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67759052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29723.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11629839456                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15335438817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        69120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        27008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        27264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        43520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        27264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        17024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        69888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               505856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           46080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       198528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            198528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     57860295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     22608375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     14143628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     22822672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3107312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     36430556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2678717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     22822672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13715033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     22715523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     14250776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     58503187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               423451640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3107312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2678717                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           38573530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         166187625                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              166187625                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         166187625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     57860295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     22608375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     14143628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     22822672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3107312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     36430556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2678717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     22822672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13715033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     22715523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     14250776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     58503187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              589639265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171896                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87168                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21309                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008130                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1199186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262235                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       211641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125299                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22055                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2261283     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27848      1.10%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32178      1.28%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17825      0.71%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          20155      0.80%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11761      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7806      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20760      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         123902      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073335                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.418600                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       228896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259901                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34252                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1463330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1995048                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         18827                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       201051                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          258461                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1461089                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2031978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6800982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6800982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         328872                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           26274                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       140413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457079                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367765                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1948085     77.20%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230856      9.15%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124525      4.93%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86093      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75189      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38827      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9381      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6093      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           346     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1331     43.86%     55.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     44.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145013     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21293      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126624      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74669      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367765                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5264060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657940                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3360                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27532                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         14011                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457479                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12179                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25186                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346032                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118542                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21732                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             193168                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187687                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.469860                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1343086                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1342995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798750                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2092554                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.468800                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381711                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230594                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980979     79.80%     79.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232711      9.37%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97439      3.93%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58555      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40184      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26391      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13716      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10768      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21659      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21659                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3918213                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2956102                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32777                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                341235                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.864747                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.864747                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.349071                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.349071                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6069752                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1866074                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1364081                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2864750                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         164542                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       134182                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17623                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67267                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62628                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16360                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          772                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1593515                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts               974169                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            164542                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        78988                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              199638                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         55465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       154023                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines           99736                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17618                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      1984376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.950235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1784738     89.94%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          10481      0.53%     90.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          16574      0.84%     91.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          25176      1.27%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          10515      0.53%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          12230      0.62%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          13020      0.66%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           9113      0.46%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         102529      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      1984376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.057437                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.340054                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1572384                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       175778                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          198017                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1293                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        36903                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        26661                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          299                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1180854                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        36903                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1576565                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         67016                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        95006                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          195208                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        13669                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1177856                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          929                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1362                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1611223                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5490566                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5490566                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1322063                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         289160                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          254                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           37839                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       119502                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        65998                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3277                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        12658                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1173667                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          255                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1093670                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1969                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182643                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       424256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1984376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.237179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1516768     76.44%     76.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       190764      9.61%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104891      5.29%     91.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68567      3.46%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62285      3.14%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        19264      0.97%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13956      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4821      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3060      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1984376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           306     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1113     42.26%     53.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1215     46.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       900636     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20124      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          121      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       108244      9.90%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64545      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1093670                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.381768                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2634                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002408                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4176319                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1356630                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1073168                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1096304                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5249                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25807                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4627                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          875                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        36903                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         54890                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1580                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1173922                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       119502                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65998                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          859                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9483                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10981                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        20464                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1077316                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102491                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16354                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             166924                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         146008                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            64433                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.376059                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1073260                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1073168                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          635885                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1612857                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.374611                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394260                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       792527                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       966339                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       208453                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        17921                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1947473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1555382     79.87%     79.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       187088      9.61%     89.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77551      3.98%     93.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39327      2.02%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29620      1.52%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16946      0.87%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10439      0.54%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8636      0.44%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22484      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1947473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       792527                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       966339                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               155066                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads               93695                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               122                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           134064                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          873785                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        18843                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        22484                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3099781                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2386493                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 28828                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                880374                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            792527                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              966339                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       792527                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.614703                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.614703                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.276648                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.276648                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        4890240                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1466703                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1118657                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         246722                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205645                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24168                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94132                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88337                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26103                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2137677                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1352328                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            246722                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       114440                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              280986                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         68304                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       212267                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          134475                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2674876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2393890     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          17098      0.64%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          21111      0.79%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          34412      1.29%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          14167      0.53%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          18790      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          21442      0.80%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          10224      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         143742      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2674876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086123                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.472057                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2125055                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       226320                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          279565                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        43763                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        37223                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1652569                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        43763                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2127669                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          6702                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       213177                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          277085                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6473                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1641660                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2293402                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7628986                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7628986                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1882251                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         411151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           23335                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       154952                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        79213                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        18073                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1600517                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1523933                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1808                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       216670                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454558                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2674876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.569721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.296004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2030808     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       292615     10.94%     86.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120264      4.50%     91.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67649      2.53%     93.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90870      3.40%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28801      1.08%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27922      1.04%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14750      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1197      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2674876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10498     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.89%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284534     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20621      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139706      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78885      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1523933                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531960                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13317                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008739                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5737867                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1817578                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1481471                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1537250                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32651                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        43763                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          5084                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          686                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1600902                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154952                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79213                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13578                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14135                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        27713                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1495326                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136913                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28607                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             215778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         210737                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            78865                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.521974                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1481487                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1481471                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          887564                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2385182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.517137                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372116                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1094827                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1349160                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251750                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        24204                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.512772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2059245     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       290278     11.03%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105407      4.01%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52208      1.98%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47563      1.81%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20172      0.77%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20041      0.76%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9506      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26693      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1094827                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1349160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               200075                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              122301                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           195506                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1214763                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        27873                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        26693                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4205330                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3245584                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 34459                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                189877                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1094827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1349160                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1094827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.616626                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.616626                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.382172                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.382172                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6725340                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2072708                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1525696                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         195592                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175740                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17058                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132712                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129066                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10653                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          509                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2075213                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1113942                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            195592                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       139719                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              247484                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         56875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        79342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           45                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          126856                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16515                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2441805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2194321     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          38532      1.58%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18299      0.75%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          38118      1.56%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          10708      0.44%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          35695      1.46%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           5067      0.21%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           8440      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8          92625      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2441805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068275                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.388844                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2052959                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       102424                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          246793                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          288                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        39338                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        17262                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1236483                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1699                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        39338                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2055831                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         70033                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        24159                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          243969                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8472                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1233685                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1068                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         6602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1607886                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      5575866                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      5575866                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1266346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         341526                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           19079                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       231716                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        33284                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          319                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         7379                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225304                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1134394                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246614                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       522219                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            5                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2441805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.464572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.074061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1944303     79.63%     79.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       151356      6.20%     85.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       173508      7.11%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96951      3.97%     96.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48637      1.99%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12598      0.52%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13824      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          337      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          291      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2441805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1837     56.63%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          800     24.66%     81.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          607     18.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883836     77.91%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8184      0.72%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209528     18.47%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32772      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1134394                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.395983                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3244                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4715199                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472095                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103214                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1137638                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          833                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51391                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1298                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        39338                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         60162                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          945                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225468                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231716                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33284                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          435                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10650                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7293                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        17943                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119343                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206333                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             239083                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         170641                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            32750                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.390729                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1103671                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1103214                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          669923                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1425300                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.385099                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.470022                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       874608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps       976444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249073                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        16761                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2402467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.406434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.273756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2042755     85.03%     85.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138547      5.77%     90.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91894      3.82%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28152      1.17%     95.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49024      2.04%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8866      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5822      0.24%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4961      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32446      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2402467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       874608                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps       976444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               212309                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              180323                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           150694                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          850578                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        32446                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3595525                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2490413                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 48540                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                422948                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            874608                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps              976444                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       874608                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.275471                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.275471                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.305300                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.305300                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5214490                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1430098                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1324183                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         222368                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23415                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90594                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85200                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22430                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1097                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2126848                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1243406                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            222368                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       107630                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              258123                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         65016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       124503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          131718                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23276                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2550778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2292655     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11843      0.46%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18661      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          24961      0.98%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          26579      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          22685      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          12279      0.48%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18678      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         122437      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2550778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077622                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.434036                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2104902                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       146910                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          257500                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          368                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        36307                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1524243                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1312                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2111233                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         20503                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       112465                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          251538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        13939                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1522835                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         6147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2123948                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7080737                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7080737                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1807482                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         316466                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           42844                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       143702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        76318                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        19316                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1519918                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1432104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          311                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       188885                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456864                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2550778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1945284     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       249142      9.77%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126033      4.94%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94387      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75159      2.95%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30307      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19022      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10120      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1324      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2550778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           301     11.80%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          944     37.01%     48.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1306     51.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1205158     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21245      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129585      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75938      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1432104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.499905                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2551                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001781                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5417848                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709189                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1409012                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1434655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26174                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1508                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         17431                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1231                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1520291                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76318                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1048                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12733                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13893                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        26626                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1411264                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       122004                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             197927                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         199842                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            75923                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.492630                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1409091                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1409012                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          809555                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2184022                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.491844                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.370672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1053898                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1296888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223411                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        23483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2509687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1976767     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264553     10.54%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99467      3.96%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47589      1.90%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40383      1.61%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23108      0.92%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20049      0.80%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8900      0.35%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28871      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2509687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1053898                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1296888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               192338                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              117528                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           186960                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1168552                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        26723                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        28871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4001102                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3081696                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 34092                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                313975                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1053898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1296888                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1053898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.718245                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.718245                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.367884                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.367884                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6350362                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1963593                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1412054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         193946                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174198                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16847                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131775                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         127766                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10628                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          532                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2058753                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1105549                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            193946                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       138394                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              245524                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         56218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        89192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          125780                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16309                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2432744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.506744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2187220     89.91%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          38140      1.57%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18165      0.75%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          37590      1.55%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          10745      0.44%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          35226      1.45%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           5145      0.21%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           8546      0.35%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          91967      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2432744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067701                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.385914                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2036588                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       112137                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          244848                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          275                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        38893                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        17229                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1228027                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1699                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        38893                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2039434                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         75494                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        28498                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          242033                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8389                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1225222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         6435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1597400                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5539281                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5539281                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1259511                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         337866                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           18893                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       229376                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        33338                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         7429                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1217101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1126992                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1398                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       244178                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       517280                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            5                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2432744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.073041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1937945     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       151964      6.25%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171158      7.04%     92.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96321      3.96%     96.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48341      1.99%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12636      0.52%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13750      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          327      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          302      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2432744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1840     56.91%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          785     24.28%     81.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          608     18.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       878510     77.95%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8174      0.73%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       207432     18.41%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32802      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1126992                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.393399                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3233                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4691359                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1461455                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1096241                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1130225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          849                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50782                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1356                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        38893                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         65617                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1217265                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       229376                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33338                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          470                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7218                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        17765                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1112127                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204259                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14865                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             237042                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         169329                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            32783                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.388210                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1096618                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1096241                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          665829                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1419909                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.382665                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.468924                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868824                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       970660                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       246663                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        16550                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2393851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.405481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.271495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2035246     85.02%     85.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       139201      5.81%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91067      3.80%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27976      1.17%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48567      2.03%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8883      0.37%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5814      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4946      0.21%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32151      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2393851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       868824                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       970660                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               210574                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              178592                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           149743                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          845741                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        32151                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3579010                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2473578                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 48015                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                432009                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            868824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              970660                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       868824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.297277                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.297277                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.303281                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.303281                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5180276                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1421728                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1314025                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         210035                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171853                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22310                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87144                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80032                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21305                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2007659                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1198896                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            210035                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       101337                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              262170                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         64190                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       212134                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          125273                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22053                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2523470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2261300     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          27841      1.10%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          32169      1.27%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          17822      0.71%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          20144      0.80%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          11759      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           7806      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          20756      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         123873      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2523470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.073317                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.418499                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1991057                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       229387                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          259836                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        41111                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        34244                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1462982                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        41111                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1994582                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         18525                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       201840                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          258395                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         9013                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1460733                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4380                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2031534                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6799307                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6799307                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1702700                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         328830                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           26284                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       140375                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        75371                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1859                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        15791                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1456720                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367425                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200389                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469118                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2523470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1948178     77.20%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230810      9.15%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124478      4.93%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86082      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75167      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38815      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9379      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6092      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2523470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           347     11.42%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1334     43.91%     55.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1357     44.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1144734     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21291      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126590      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74644      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367425                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.477327                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3038                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002222                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5263338                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657543                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342656                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370463                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3359                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27527                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2331                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        41111                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         13722                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1218                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457120                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140375                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75371                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12178                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13005                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        25183                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1345691                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118509                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21734                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             193109                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         187637                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            74600                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.469741                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1342747                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1342656                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          798554                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2092002                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.468681                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381718                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999746                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226580                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230556                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        22259                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2482359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1981062     79.81%     79.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232655      9.37%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97411      3.92%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58537      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40176      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26388      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13714      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10764      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21652      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2482359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       999746                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1226580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               185888                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              112848                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           175504                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1105848                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        24956                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        21652                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3917830                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2955395                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 32773                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                341283                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            999746                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1226580                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       999746                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.865481                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.865481                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.348982                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.348982                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6068229                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1865649                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1363743                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         246044                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205060                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24106                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93903                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88114                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26040                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2132468                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1348608                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            246044                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       114154                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              280219                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         68116                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       218925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          134142                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22991                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2675432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.620002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.982903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2395213     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          17042      0.64%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          21053      0.79%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          34320      1.28%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          14135      0.53%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          18746      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          21392      0.80%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          10204      0.38%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         143327      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2675432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.085887                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.470759                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2119878                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       232935                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          278810                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          169                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        43637                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        37130                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1648073                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        43637                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2122481                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          6657                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       219861                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          276343                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6446                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1637221                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2287068                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7608383                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7608383                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1877282                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         409786                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           23213                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       154549                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        79027                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          852                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        18031                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1596214                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1519882                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       215943                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453081                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2675432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.294453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2033044     75.99%     75.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       291884     10.91%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119904      4.48%     91.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67495      2.52%     93.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90644      3.39%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28722      1.07%     98.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27845      1.04%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14703      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1191      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2675432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10466     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.91%     89.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     10.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1281102     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20565      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139332      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78696      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1519882                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530546                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13285                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008741                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5730288                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1812548                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1477557                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1533167                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32558                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        43637                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          5056                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1596599                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154549                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79027                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13551                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14089                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        27640                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1491370                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136553                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28512                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             215228                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         210170                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            78675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.520593                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1477573                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1477557                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          885163                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2378676                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.515771                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1091959                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1345649                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250958                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        24142                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511305                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.327876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2061404     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       289541     11.00%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105106      3.99%     93.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52088      1.98%     95.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47443      1.80%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20127      0.76%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19992      0.76%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9479      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26615      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1091959                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1345649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               199579                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              121991                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           194977                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1211644                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        27813                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        26615                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4201787                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3236852                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 34380                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                189321                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1091959                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1345649                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1091959                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.623499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.623499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.381170                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.381170                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6707652                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2067103                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1521561                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         192765                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173651                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11904                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76777                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66904                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10346                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          525                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2023659                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1209256                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            192765                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        77250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              238125                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         37815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       318300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          117827                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11732                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2608619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.845843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2370494     90.87%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           8217      0.31%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          17430      0.67%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           7116      0.27%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          38819      1.49%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          34970      1.34%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           6575      0.25%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          14218      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         110780      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2608619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067289                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.422115                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2007465                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       337885                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          237062                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          804                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        25399                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        16966                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          229                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1416190                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1416                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        25399                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2010815                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        307075                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        21321                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          234750                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         9255                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1414016                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         4032                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         3428                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           35                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1665897                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6653317                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6653317                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1440371                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         225520                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          171                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           24027                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       331773                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       166520                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1586                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8174                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1408991                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          173                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1342618                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       130803                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       320221                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2608619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.514685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2127627     81.56%     81.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       146435      5.61%     87.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118725      4.55%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50816      1.95%     93.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64584      2.48%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        60901      2.33%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34980      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2844      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1707      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2608619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3341     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25812     86.26%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          772      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       843932     62.86%     62.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11618      0.87%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           79      0.01%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       321253     23.93%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       165736     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1342618                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.468668                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29925                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022289                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5324953                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1540030                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1329199                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1372543                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2486                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16717                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1861                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        25399                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        300854                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2498                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1409169                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           35                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       331773                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166520                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           91                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6102                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7434                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        13536                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1331985                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       320054                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             485742                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         174153                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           165688                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.464956                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1329343                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1329199                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          719172                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1419605                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.463984                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506600                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1070588                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1257627                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       151698                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        11913                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2583220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2125359     82.28%     82.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168476      6.52%     88.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78378      3.03%     91.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77289      2.99%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20999      0.81%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88892      3.44%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6823      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4898      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12106      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2583220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1070588                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1257627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               479711                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              315052                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           166029                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1118154                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12082                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        12106                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3980426                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2844069                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 45192                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                256134                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1070588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1257627                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1070588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.675869                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.675869                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.373710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.373710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6580660                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1547098                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1680308                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         192946                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173151                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16871                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130276                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         126376                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10652                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          520                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2041629                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1098723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            192946                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       137028                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              243966                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         56159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        90208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          124862                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16344                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2414993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2171027     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          37662      1.56%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18159      0.75%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          37363      1.55%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          10764      0.45%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          34908      1.45%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           5102      0.21%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           8415      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          91593      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2414993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067352                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.383531                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2019082                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       113512                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          243313                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        38810                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        17240                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1221322                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1683                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        38810                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2021977                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         78066                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        27176                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          240478                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8483                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1218585                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         6518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1589956                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5510478                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5510478                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1252529                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         337411                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           19029                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       227172                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        33381                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          311                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         7427                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1210195                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1120337                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243189                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       515253                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2414993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1923788     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       151014      6.25%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       169207      7.01%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95572      3.96%     96.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48290      2.00%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12622      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13877      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          323      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          300      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2414993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1871     57.01%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          802     24.44%     81.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          609     18.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       873956     78.01%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8204      0.73%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       205282     18.32%     97.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32821      2.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1120337                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.391076                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3282                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4660271                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1453565                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1089532                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1123619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50336                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1401                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        38810                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         68047                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          948                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1210361                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       227172                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33381                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          440                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10489                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        17824                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1105246                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       202130                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             234927                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         168281                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            32797                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.385808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1089957                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1089532                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          661447                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1414513                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.380323                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.467615                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       862915                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       964751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       245658                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        16576                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2376183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.406009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.272463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2019905     85.01%     85.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138333      5.82%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90274      3.80%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27805      1.17%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48393      2.04%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8811      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5768      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4932      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31962      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2376183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       862915                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       964751                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               208813                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              176833                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           148759                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          840814                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        11345                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        31962                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3554617                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2459670                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 47610                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                449760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            862915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              964751                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       862915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.319855                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.319855                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.301218                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.301218                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5146406                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1413842                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1305270                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2863101                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         222208                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181924                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23404                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90529                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85124                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22418                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1094                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2124815                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1242142                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            222208                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       107542                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              257891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         64986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       123911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          131605                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23264                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2547905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2290014     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11829      0.46%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18630      0.73%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          24959      0.98%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          26555      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          22668      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          12270      0.48%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          18665      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         122315      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2547905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077611                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.433845                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2102980                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       146210                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          257273                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          360                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        36273                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1522855                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1312                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2109310                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         17258                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       115035                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          251297                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        13921                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1521375                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         6146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2121805                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7073866                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7073866                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1805308                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         316404                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           42801                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       143621                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        76225                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          874                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        19300                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1518457                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          365                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1430557                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          310                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       188878                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456882                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2547905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1943138     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248755      9.76%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125924      4.94%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94299      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75075      2.95%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30285      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18994      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10112      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1323      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2547905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           299     11.78%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          939     36.98%     48.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1301     51.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1203845     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21222      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129472      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75841      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1430557                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.499653                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2539                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5411868                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1707717                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407481                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1433096                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26189                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1506                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         14204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1208                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1518826                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143621                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76225                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1025                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12728                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13884                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        26612                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1409737                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121899                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20820                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             197725                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         199664                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            75826                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.492381                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1407560                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1407481                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          808587                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2181597                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.491593                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.370640                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1052568                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1295384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223380                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          357                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        23469                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2506830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1974573     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264197     10.54%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99360      3.96%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47530      1.90%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40307      1.61%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23095      0.92%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20042      0.80%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8886      0.35%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28840      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2506830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1052568                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1295384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               192131                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              117419                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           186790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1167176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        26704                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        28840                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3996741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3078692                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 34064                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                315196                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1052568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1295384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1052568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.720110                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.720110                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.367632                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.367632                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6343376                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1961393                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1410592                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         194408                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174642                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16958                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131588                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         127838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2057977                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1107086                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            194408                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       138426                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              245967                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         56588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        84385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          125856                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16420                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2427856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2181889     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          38081      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18417      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          37791      1.56%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          10682      0.44%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          35350      1.46%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5058      0.21%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8401      0.35%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          92187      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2427856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067862                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.386451                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2035701                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       107435                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          245314                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39147                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        17208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1229733                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1679                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39147                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2038573                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         69335                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        29944                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          242490                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8364                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1226808                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         6578                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1599995                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5546164                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5546164                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1259470                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         340499                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           18968                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       229598                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        33342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         7399                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1218461                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1127646                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1340                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       245564                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       520951                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2427856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.464462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1933721     79.65%     79.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150843      6.21%     85.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171381      7.06%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96304      3.97%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48392      1.99%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12687      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13881      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          336      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2427856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1873     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          797     24.34%     81.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          605     18.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       879156     77.96%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8185      0.73%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       207466     18.40%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32765      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1127646                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.393628                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3275                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002904                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4687763                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1464211                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1096605                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1130921                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51009                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39147                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         59587                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          961                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1218627                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       229598                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          444                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10574                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7294                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        17868                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1112452                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204174                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             236916                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         169547                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            32742                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.388324                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1097039                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1096605                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          665864                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1420251                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.382792                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.468835                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868790                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       970626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248039                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16663                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2388709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.406339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.273488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2030726     85.01%     85.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138476      5.80%     90.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91086      3.81%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27942      1.17%     95.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48673      2.04%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8816      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5809      0.24%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4922      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32259      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2388709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       868790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       970626                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               210564                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              178582                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           149738                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          845712                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        32259                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3575102                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2476532                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 48097                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                436897                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            868790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              970626                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       868790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.297406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.297406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.303269                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.303269                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5181007                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1422544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1315471                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         210132                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171937                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22315                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80072                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21306                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008443                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1199470                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            210132                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       101378                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              262293                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         64214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       206732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          125314                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22054                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2518993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2256700     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          27850      1.11%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          32186      1.28%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          17827      0.71%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          20160      0.80%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          11763      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           7806      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          20763      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         123938      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2518993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.073351                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.418699                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1991832                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       223997                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          259957                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        41129                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        34257                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1463669                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        41129                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1995359                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         18429                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       196545                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          258511                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         9016                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1461382                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2032385                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6802339                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6802339                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1703373                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         329012                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           26310                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       140447                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        75410                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        15790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457365                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200517                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469559                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2518993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.237469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1943448     77.15%     77.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230913      9.17%     86.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124550      4.94%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86115      3.42%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75194      2.99%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38829      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9382      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6093      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2518993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           347     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1332     43.89%     55.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1356     44.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145192     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21293      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126645      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74678      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367974                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.477519                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5259954                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1658316                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1343203                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371009                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3363                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27547                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        41129                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         13613                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457765                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140447                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75410                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12180                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13010                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25190                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346240                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118563                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21734                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             193199                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         187719                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            74636                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.469932                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1343294                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1343203                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          798874                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2092903                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.468872                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381706                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1227092                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230689                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22264                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2477864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1976343     79.76%     79.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232758      9.39%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97466      3.93%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58564      2.36%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40191      1.62%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26395      1.07%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13718      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10769      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21660      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2477864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1000165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1227092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               185975                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              112900                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           175582                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1106299                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        24962                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        21660                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3913972                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2956699                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32779                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                345760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1000165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1227092                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1000165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.864280                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.864280                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.349128                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.349128                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6070688                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1866362                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1364390                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         210116                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171922                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22314                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87170                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80069                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21302                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008373                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1199424                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            210116                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       101371                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              262276                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         64197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       220601                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          125303                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22048                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2532760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2270484     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          27843      1.10%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          32184      1.27%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          17828      0.70%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          20159      0.80%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          11761      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7806      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          20762      0.82%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         123933      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2532760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073345                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.418683                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1991779                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       237852                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          259937                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        41114                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        34256                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1463558                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        41114                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1995307                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         18510                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       210323                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          258489                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         9013                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1461218                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4379                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2032173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6801556                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6801556                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1703335                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         328825                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           26297                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       140420                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        75403                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1861                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        15791                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367942                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200392                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2532760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.540099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.234742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1957230     77.28%     77.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230912      9.12%     86.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124544      4.92%     91.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86104      3.40%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75195      2.97%     97.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38829      1.53%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9386      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6091      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2532760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           348     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1334     43.88%     55.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     44.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145169     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21291      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126640      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74676      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367942                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.477508                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3040                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002222                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5273660                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1658047                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1343160                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370982                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3363                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27522                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2331                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        41114                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         13699                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1216                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457621                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140420                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75403                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12180                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13009                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        25189                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346195                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118556                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21743                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             193188                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         187716                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            74632                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.469917                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1343251                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1343160                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          798854                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2092856                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.468857                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381705                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000147                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1227063                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230564                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22263                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2491646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1990142     79.87%     79.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232751      9.34%     89.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97461      3.91%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58559      2.35%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40190      1.61%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26397      1.06%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13716      0.55%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10768      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21662      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2491646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1000147                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1227063                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               185967                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              112895                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           175579                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1106271                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        24961                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        21662                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3927598                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2956385                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32780                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                331993                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1000147                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1227063                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1000147                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.864332                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.864332                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.349122                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.349122                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6070472                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1866308                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1364335                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         222269                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181960                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23485                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90217                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85164                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22427                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1089                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2133682                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1244022                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            222269                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       107591                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              258194                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         65060                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       120308                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          627                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          132087                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23334                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2554106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2295912     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11843      0.46%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18683      0.73%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          25138      0.98%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          26633      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          22531      0.88%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11922      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          18957      0.74%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         122487      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2554106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077587                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.434251                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2112557                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       142508                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          257573                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        36306                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1524590                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2118702                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         18351                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       110539                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          251825                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        13605                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1523350                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1814                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5990                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2126355                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7082628                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7082628                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1810022                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         316307                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          366                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           42354                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       143352                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        76482                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          855                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        17082                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1520421                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          368                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1433474                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          433                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187001                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453264                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2554106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1948868     76.30%     76.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       247637      9.70%     86.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125983      4.93%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95937      3.76%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75403      2.95%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29901      1.17%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19068      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9937      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1372      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2554106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           298     11.85%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          922     36.67%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1294     51.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1206210     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21284      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129752      9.05%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76050      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1433474                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.500383                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2514                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001754                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5423999                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1707804                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1409906                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1435988                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2824                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25645                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1576                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         15201                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1520793                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143352                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76482                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          188                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1032                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12855                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13864                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        26719                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1412101                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       122029                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             198054                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         200134                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            76025                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.492922                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1409983                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1409906                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          810238                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2183668                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.492156                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371044                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1055353                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1298685                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222102                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        23557                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2513031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980375     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       263817     10.50%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100125      3.98%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47342      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39546      1.57%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23237      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20720      0.82%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9049      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28820      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2513031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1055353                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1298685                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               192610                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              117704                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           187227                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1170153                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        26754                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        28820                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4004985                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3082672                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 34141                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                310647                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1055353                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1298685                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1055353                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.714497                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.714497                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.368392                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.368392                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6353184                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1965705                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1412797                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2860507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         164200                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       133836                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17651                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        66865                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62333                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16272                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          775                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1589782                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts               970763                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            164200                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        78605                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              199087                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         55497                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       148611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines           99569                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17636                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      1974691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.951678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1775604     89.92%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          10438      0.53%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          16641      0.84%     91.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          25153      1.27%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          10525      0.53%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          12154      0.62%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          12792      0.65%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9135      0.46%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         102249      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      1974691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.057402                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.339367                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1568382                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       170634                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          197494                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1264                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        36916                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        26672                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          298                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1177038                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        36916                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1572579                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         62813                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        94571                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          194613                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        13190                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1174322                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          584                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         6634                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          962                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1606245                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5473731                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5473731                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1316686                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         289374                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          253                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           37819                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       119322                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        65613                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3271                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        12668                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1170130                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1089430                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2021                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182510                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       427308                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1974691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.237647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1509105     76.42%     76.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189562      9.60%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104543      5.29%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68539      3.47%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62282      3.15%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18854      0.95%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13995      0.71%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4691      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3120      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1974691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           308     11.78%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1116     42.68%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1191     45.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       897245     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19995      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          120      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       107834      9.90%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64236      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1089430                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.380852                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2615                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002400                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4158187                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1352956                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1069137                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1092045                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5186                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26043                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4556                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          864                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        36916                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         50074                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1582                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1170383                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           35                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       119322                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65613                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          867                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9403                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11064                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        20467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1073323                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102209                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             166317                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         145641                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            64108                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.375221                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1069234                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1069137                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          633065                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1606792                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.373758                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.393993                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       789125                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       962340                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       208782                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          240                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        17945                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1937775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1547640     79.87%     79.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       185927      9.59%     89.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77047      3.98%     93.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39408      2.03%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29461      1.52%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16807      0.87%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10507      0.54%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8650      0.45%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22328      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1937775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       789125                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       962340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               154318                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads               93266                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               120                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           133599                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          870127                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        18788                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        22328                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3086569                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2379360                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 28894                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                885816                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            789125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              962340                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       789125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.624910                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.624910                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.275869                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.275869                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        4871496                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1460877                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1114656                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          240                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.847192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.946559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.137669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   101.198080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1829.564884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.011298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.049413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.893342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      208881853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          552                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2043.948805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          87073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        33.515396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks         135.178206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    11.877690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   235.545793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1660.347115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.066005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.005800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.115013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.810716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.998022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            402                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 402                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          354                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   354                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          540                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 553                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11872515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    488879466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     500751981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     43626787                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     43626787                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11872515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    532506253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      544378768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11872515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    532506253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     544378768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          402                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             402                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              48                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.582742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.589057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.979167                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.979167                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.604027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.609702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.604027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.609702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 913270.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 991641.918864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 989628.420949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 928229.510638                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928229.510638                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 913270.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 986122.690741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 984410.068716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 913270.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 986122.690741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 984410.068716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                300                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     300                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10729474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    445591478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    456320952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     39498879                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39498879                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10729474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    485090357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    495819831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10729474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    485090357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    495819831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.582742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.589057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.979167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.604027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.604027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 825344.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 903836.669371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901820.063241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 840401.680851                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840401.680851                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 825344.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 898315.475926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896600.056058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 825344.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 898315.475926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896600.056058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         132606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        61.249885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.781192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    10.777504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    50.843563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1943.597740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.005262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.024826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.949022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          291                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8071246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85460695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      93531941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8071246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85460695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total       93531941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8071246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85460695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total      93531941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 733749.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821737.451923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813321.226087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 733749.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821737.451923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813321.226087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 733749.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821737.451923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813321.226087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7105446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     76329495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83434941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7105446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     76329495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83434941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7105446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     76329495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83434941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 645949.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733937.451923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725521.226087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 645949.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733937.451923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725521.226087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 645949.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733937.451923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725521.226087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          238                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.699586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                          52165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        22.819335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.219690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.806950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   112.823801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1877.849145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.011624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.055090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.916919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             52                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  52                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          357                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   358                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          211                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 238                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64548753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    179206627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     243755380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64548753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    179206627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      243755380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64548753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    179206627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     243755380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.371479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.371479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2390694.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 849320.507109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1024182.268908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2390694.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 849320.507109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1024182.268908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2390694.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 849320.507109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1024182.268908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     62178153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    160676375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222854528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     62178153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    160676375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    222854528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     62178153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    160676375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    222854528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.371479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.371479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2302894.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 761499.407583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 936363.563025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2302894.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 761499.407583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 936363.563025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2302894.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 761499.407583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 936363.563025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          159                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.664624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        54.089383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.664624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.949026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    63.077484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1939.973490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.007299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.030800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.947253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 159                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59880942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110805961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     170686903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59880942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110805961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      170686903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59880942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110805961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     170686903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.317308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2217812.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839439.098485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1073502.534591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2217812.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839439.098485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1073502.534591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2217812.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839439.098485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1073502.534591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57509343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99215528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156724871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57509343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99215528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156724871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57509343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99215528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156724871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.317308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2129975.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751632.787879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985691.012579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2129975.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751632.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985691.012579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2129975.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751632.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985691.012579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          240                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.713693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          52165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        22.799388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.242087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.203342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   113.338832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1876.929432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.011818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.055341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.916469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             52                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  52                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          357                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   358                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 240                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46528113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192348527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     238876640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46528113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192348527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      238876640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46528113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192348527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     238876640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.403361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.401338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.401338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1723263.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 903044.727700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 995319.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1723263.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 903044.727700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 995319.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1723263.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 903044.727700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 995319.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44157513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    173647127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217804640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44157513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    173647127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    217804640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44157513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    173647127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    217804640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635463.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815244.727700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 907519.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635463.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815244.727700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 907519.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635463.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815244.727700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 907519.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2046.849288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.944513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.133772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   101.363932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1829.407071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.049494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.893265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     44424011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    162920673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     207344684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     44424011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    162920673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      207344684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     44424011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    162920673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     207344684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1851000.458333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 910171.357542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1021402.384236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1851000.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 910171.357542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1021402.384236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1851000.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 910171.357542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1021402.384236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42316044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    147200388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189516432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42316044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    147200388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189516432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42316044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    147200388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189516432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1763168.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 822348.536313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 933578.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1763168.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 822348.536313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 933578.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1763168.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 822348.536313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 933578.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         132605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        61.249423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.777086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    10.768310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    50.678509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1943.776095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.005258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.024745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.949109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          290                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   290                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11805952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     87177689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      98983641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11805952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     87177689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total       98983641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11805952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     87177689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total      98983641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1073268.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 838247.009615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860727.313043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1073268.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 838247.009615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 860727.313043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1073268.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 838247.009615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 860727.313043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10840152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     78044844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88884996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10840152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     78044844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88884996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10840152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     78044844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88884996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 985468.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 750431.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772913.008696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 985468.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 750431.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772913.008696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 985468.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 750431.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772913.008696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          369                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.950080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         113827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        47.094332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.523421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.876088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   188.308033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1832.242538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.011170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.091947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.894650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   469                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 369                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64611929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    341811770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     406423699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64611929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    341811770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      406423699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64611929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    341811770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     406423699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.422360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.440334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.440334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2227997.551724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1005328.735294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1101419.238482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2227997.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1005328.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1101419.238482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2227997.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1005328.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1101419.238482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62065729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    311957724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    374023453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62065729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    311957724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    374023453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62065729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    311957724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    374023453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.422360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2140197.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 917522.717647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013613.693767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2140197.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 917522.717647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013613.693767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2140197.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 917522.717647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013613.693767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          238                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.689229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          52166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        22.819773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.217078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.822652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   112.483324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1879.166174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.054923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.917562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          357                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   358                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 238                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62463466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200412325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     262875791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62463466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200412325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      262875791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62463466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200412325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     262875791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2498538.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 940902.934272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1104520.130252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2498538.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 940902.934272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1104520.130252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2498538.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 940902.934272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1104520.130252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60257966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181602402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241860368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60257966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181602402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    241860368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60257966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181602402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241860368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2410318.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852593.436620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016220.033613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2410318.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852593.436620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016220.033613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2410318.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852593.436620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016220.033613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          155                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.676493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        54.187727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.676493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.903968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    62.756389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1940.339643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.030643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.947431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 156                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51934831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    109533117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     161467948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51934831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    109533117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      161467948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51934831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    109533117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     161467948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.312349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.353741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1923512.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849093.930233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1035050.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1923512.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849093.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1035050.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1923512.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849093.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1035050.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 66                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      66                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49564231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98294717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147858948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49564231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98294717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147858948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49564231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98294717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147858948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.312349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835712.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 761974.550388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947813.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835712.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 761974.550388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947813.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835712.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 761974.550388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947813.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          239                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.693565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        22.810232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.211262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.602778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   113.070902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1876.808624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.012013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.055210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.916410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 239                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65622257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189274776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     254897033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65622257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189274776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      254897033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65622257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189274776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     254897033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.373898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2430453.962963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 892805.547170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1066514.782427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2430453.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 892805.547170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1066514.782427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2430453.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 892805.547170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1066514.782427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63250905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    170657073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233907978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63250905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    170657073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233907978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63250905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    170657073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233907978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.373898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2342626.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 804986.193396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978694.468619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2342626.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 804986.193396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978694.468619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2342626.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 804986.193396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978694.468619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2046.851360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.938853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.162662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   101.470152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1829.279693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.011310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.049546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.893203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     41936320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    164697173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     206633493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     41936320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    164697173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      206633493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     41936320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    164697173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     206633493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1747346.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 920095.938547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1017898.980296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1747346.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 920095.938547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1017898.980296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1747346.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 920095.938547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1017898.980296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     39829120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    148979419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    188808539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     39829120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    148979419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    188808539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     39829120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    148979419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    188808539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1659546.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 832287.256983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 930091.325123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1659546.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 832287.256983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 930091.325123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1659546.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 832287.256983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 930091.325123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2046.846439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.942285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.147092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   101.253174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1829.503888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.011302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.049440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.893312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45167964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    166344160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     211512124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45167964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    166344160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      211512124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45167964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    166344160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     211512124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1881998.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 929296.983240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1041931.645320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1881998.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 929296.983240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1041931.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1881998.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 929296.983240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1041931.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     43060764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    150626039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193686803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     43060764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    150626039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193686803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     43060764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    150626039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193686803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1794198.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841486.251397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 954122.182266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1794198.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841486.251397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 954122.182266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1794198.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841486.251397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 954122.182266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          160                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.662591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         119214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        54.065306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.662591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.095298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    63.081156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1939.823545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.007371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.030801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.947179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 160                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58947596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121706211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     180653807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58947596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121706211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      180653807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58947596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121706211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     180653807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.318945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.359551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2183244.296296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 915084.293233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1129086.293750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2183244.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 915084.293233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1129086.293750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2183244.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 915084.293233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1129086.293750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56576996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    110026331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166603327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56576996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    110026331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166603327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56576996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    110026331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166603327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.318945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2095444.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 827265.646617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1041270.793750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2095444.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 827265.646617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1041270.793750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2095444.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 827265.646617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1041270.793750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          560                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2044.535071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          87075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        33.426104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks         130.608501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    11.899017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   246.147259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1654.880295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.063774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.005810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.120189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.808047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.998308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            398                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 398                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          354                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   354                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                41                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          547                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 560                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11747161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    518313726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     530060887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     39901971                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     39901971                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11747161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    558215697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      569962858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11747161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    558215697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     569962858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          398                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             398                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.588372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.607103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.612691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.607103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.612691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 903627.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1024335.426877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1021311.921002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 973218.804878                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 973218.804878                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 903627.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1020504.016453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1017790.817857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 903627.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1020504.016453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1017790.817857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                304                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     304                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10605761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    473962311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    484568072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     36301704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36301704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10605761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    510264015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    520869776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10605761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    510264015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    520869776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.588372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.607103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.607103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 815827.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 936684.409091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 933657.171484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 885407.414634                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885407.414634                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 815827.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 932840.978062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 930124.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 815827.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 932840.978062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 930124.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.095151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1479552.708087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.095151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.038614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             141900.997599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   182.362257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    73.637743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.712353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.287647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              502.546744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              753291566                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1497597.546720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.546744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.020107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        99722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         99722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        99722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total          99722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        99722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total         99722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12751996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12751996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12751996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12751996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12751996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12751996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        99736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        99736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total        99736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        99736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total        99736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 910856.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 910856.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 910856.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 910856.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 910856.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 910856.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11980758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11980758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11980758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11980758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11980758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11980758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 921596.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 921596.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 921596.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 921596.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 921596.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 921596.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  894                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125502091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             109132.253043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   184.938081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    71.061919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.722414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.277586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        75163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         75163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        60637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       135800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         135800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       135800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        135800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1278490506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1278490506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    366469838                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    366469838                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1644960344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1644960344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1644960344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1644960344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        77249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        61047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        61047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       138296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       138296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       138296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       138296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.027004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006716                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006716                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.018048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.018048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 612890.942474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 612890.942474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 893828.873171                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893828.873171                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 659038.599359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 659038.599359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 659038.599359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 659038.599359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1602                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1602                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    516661212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    516661212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     44080987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44080987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    560742199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    560742199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    560742199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    560742199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000786                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000786                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 610710.652482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 610710.652482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 918353.895833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 918353.895833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 627228.410515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 627228.410515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 627228.410515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 627228.410515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              465.776683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              753010712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1615902.815451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    10.776683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.017270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       134460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       134460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         134460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       134460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        134460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9624471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9624471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9624471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9624471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9624471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9624471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       134475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       134475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       134475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       134475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       134475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 641631.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 641631.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 641631.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 641631.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 641631.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 641631.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8177746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8177746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8177746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8177746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8177746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8177746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 743431.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743431.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 743431.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743431.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 743431.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743431.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              109344816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             167964.387097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   133.637270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   122.362730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.522021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.477979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       105155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        105155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        77399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       182554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         182554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       182554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        182554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245058865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245058865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245058865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245058865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245058865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245058865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       106175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        77399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       183574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       183574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240253.789216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 240253.789216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240253.789216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 240253.789216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240253.789216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 240253.789216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105274429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105274429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105274429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105274429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105274429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105274429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 266517.541772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266517.541772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 266517.541772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266517.541772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 266517.541772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266517.541772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              549.806762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              646510380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1166986.245487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.690494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.116268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.039568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       126819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       126819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         126819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       126819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        126819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71099000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71099000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71099000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71099000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71099000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71099000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       126856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       126856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       126856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       126856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       126856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1921594.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1921594.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1921594.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1921594.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1921594.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1921594.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       469805                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       469805                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64838762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64838762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64838762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64838762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64838762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64838762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2315670.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2315670.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2315670.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2315670.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2315670.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2315670.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              151271443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             183581.848301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   151.254605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   104.745395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.590838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.409162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       189862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       221677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         221677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       221677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        221677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2013                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2013                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    932454324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    932454324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       938887                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       938887                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    933393211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    933393211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    933393211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    933393211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       191864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       223690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       223690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 465761.400599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 465761.400599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85353.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85353.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 463682.668157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 463682.668157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 463682.668157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 463682.668157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1445                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1445                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    204229142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    204229142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    204421442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    204421442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    204421442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    204421442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 361467.507965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 361467.507965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 359896.904930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 359896.904930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 359896.904930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 359896.904930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              490.058764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749565613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1490190.085487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    15.058764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.024133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         131670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        131670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87770644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87770644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87770644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87770644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87770644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87770644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       131718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       131718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1828555.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1828555.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1828555.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1828555.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1828555.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1828555.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60169527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60169527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60169527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60169527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60169527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60169527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2148911.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2148911.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2148911.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2148911.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2148911.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2148911.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  419                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              113243811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             167768.608889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   141.973966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   114.026034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.554586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.445414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        89481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        74446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         163927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        163927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    449913622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    449913622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1163094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1163094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    451076716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    451076716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    451076716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    451076716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        90806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        74460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       165266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       165266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 339557.450566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339557.450566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 83078.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83078.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336875.814787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336875.814787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336875.814787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336875.814787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130431227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130431227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130623527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130623527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130623527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130623527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 313536.603365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313536.603365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 311750.661098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311750.661098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 311750.661098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311750.661098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              550.202095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              646509304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1166984.303249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.086295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.115800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.040202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         125743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        125743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50145290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50145290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50145290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50145290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50145290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50145290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       125780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       125780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1355278.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1355278.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1355278.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1355278.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1355278.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1355278.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46817461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46817461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46817461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46817461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46817461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46817461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1672052.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672052.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1672052.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672052.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1672052.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672052.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              151269453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             183134.930993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   151.260918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   104.739082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.590863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.409137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       187876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        187876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       219687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         219687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       219687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        219687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    996828633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    996828633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       937546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       937546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    997766179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    997766179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    997766179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    997766179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       189887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       189887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       221709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       221709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 495688.032322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 495688.032322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85231.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85231.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 493455.083581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493455.083581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 493455.083581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493455.083581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217417221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217417221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217609521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    217609521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217609521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    217609521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 383451.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383451.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 381771.089474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 381771.089474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 381771.089474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 381771.089474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              506.091040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750133197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1479552.656805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.091040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.038607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         125235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        125235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     76997291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76997291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     76997291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76997291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     76997291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76997291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       125273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       125273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2026244.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2026244.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2026244.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2026244.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2026244.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2026244.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     44688755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44688755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     44688755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44688755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     44688755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44688755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1787550.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1787550.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1787550.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1787550.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1787550.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1787550.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              118203486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             141900.943577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   182.406534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    73.593466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.712526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.287474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        86776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        72609                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72609                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       159385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         159385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       159385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        159385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    756996398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    756996398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     31016600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31016600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    788012998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    788012998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    788012998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    788012998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        88720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       161394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       161394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 389401.439300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 389401.439300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 477178.461538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 477178.461538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 392241.412643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 392241.412643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 392241.412643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 392241.412643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    190327643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    190327643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    190519943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    190519943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    190519943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    190519943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 331581.259582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331581.259582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 330190.542461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330190.542461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 330190.542461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330190.542461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              465.767501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              753010377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1615902.096567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    10.767501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.017256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       134125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       134125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         134125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       134125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        134125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16081404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16081404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16081404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16081404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16081404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16081404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       134142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       134142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       134142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       134142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       134142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 945964.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945964.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 945964.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945964.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 945964.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945964.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11897252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11897252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11897252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11897252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11897252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11897252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1081568.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1081568.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1081568.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1081568.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1081568.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1081568.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  394                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              109344375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             168222.115385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   133.350994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   122.649006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.520902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.479098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       104899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        104899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        77214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       182113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         182113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       182113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        182113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    254886342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    254886342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    254886342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    254886342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    254886342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    254886342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       105915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        77214                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77214                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       183129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       183129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 250872.383858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 250872.383858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 250872.383858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 250872.383858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 250872.383858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 250872.383858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    106928475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106928475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    106928475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106928475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    106928475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106928475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 271392.068528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271392.068528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 271392.068528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271392.068528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 271392.068528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271392.068528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              565.267637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              768701110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1341537.713787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.484564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.783073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.037636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.868242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.905878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         117778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        117778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91203827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91203827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91203827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91203827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91203827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91203827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       117825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       117825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1940506.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1940506.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1940506.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1940506.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1940506.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1940506.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1225810                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       612905                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64918949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64918949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64918949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64918949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64918949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64918949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2163964.966667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163964.966667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2163964.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163964.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2163964.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163964.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  808                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              289284770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1064                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             271884.182331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   110.371359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   145.628641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.431138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.568862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       301981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        301981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       164474                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164474                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       466455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         466455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       466455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        466455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1494379972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1494379972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3901946                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3901946                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1498281918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1498281918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1498281918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1498281918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       304915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       304915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       164489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       469404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       469404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       469404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       469404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 509331.960464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 509331.960464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 260129.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 260129.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 508064.400814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 508064.400814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 508064.400814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 508064.400814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    376379630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376379630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    376571930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    376571930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    376571930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    376571930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 467552.335404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467552.335404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 466054.368812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466054.368812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 466054.368812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466054.368812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              548.822374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              646508388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1171210.847826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.705914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.116460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.037990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         124827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        124827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87268617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87268617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87268617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87268617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87268617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87268617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       124862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       124862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2493389.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2493389.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2493389.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2493389.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2493389.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2493389.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62736965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62736965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62736965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62736965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62736965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62736965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2412960.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2412960.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2412960.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2412960.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2412960.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2412960.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              151267250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             183132.263923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   151.806084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   104.193916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.592993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.407007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       185675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        185675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       217484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         217484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       217484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        217484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1033263389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1033263389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       940473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       940473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1034203862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1034203862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1034203862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1034203862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       187685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       187685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        31820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       219505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       219505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       219505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       219505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 514061.387562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 514061.387562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85497.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85497.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 511728.778822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 511728.778822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 511728.778822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 511728.778822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    225482271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225482271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    225674571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225674571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    225674571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225674571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 397675.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 397675.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 395920.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 395920.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 395920.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 395920.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              490.009751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              749565508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1490189.876740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.009751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.024054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         131565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        131565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69311737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69311737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69311737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69311737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69311737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69311737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       131605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       131605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1732793.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1732793.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52223232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52223232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52223232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52223232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52223232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52223232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865115.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865115.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              113243635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             168768.457526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   141.655780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   114.344220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.553343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.446657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        89404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        74351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       163755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         163755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       163755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        163755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    445632041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    445632041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1156692                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1156692                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    446788733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    446788733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    446788733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    446788733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        90720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        74365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       165085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       165085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 338626.170973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338626.170973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82620.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82620.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129123534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129123534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129315834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129315834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129315834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129315834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 312647.782082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 312647.782082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              550.601824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              646509381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1166984.442238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.486881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.114943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.040844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         125820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        125820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89149006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89149006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89149006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89149006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89149006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89149006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       125856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       125856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476361.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2476361.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476361.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2476361.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476361.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2476361.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65922936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65922936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65922936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65922936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65922936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65922936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2354390.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354390.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2354390.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354390.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2354390.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354390.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151269324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             183134.774818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   152.158994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   103.841006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.594371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.405629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       187747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        187747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       219558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         219558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       219558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        219558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    975841325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    975841325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       940642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       940642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    976781967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    976781967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    976781967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    976781967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       189734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       189734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       221556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       221556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 491112.896326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491112.896326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 85512.909091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85512.909091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 488879.863363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488879.863363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 488879.863363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488879.863363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    214391442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214391442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    214583742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    214583742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    214583742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    214583742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 378115.417989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378115.417989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 376462.705263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 376462.705263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 376462.705263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 376462.705263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              506.121352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750133236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1479552.733728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.121352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.038656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         125274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        125274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71201404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71201404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71201404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71201404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71201404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71201404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       125314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       125314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780035.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1780035.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780035.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1780035.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780035.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1780035.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     42201104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42201104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     42201104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42201104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     42201104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42201104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1688044.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1688044.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1688044.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1688044.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1688044.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1688044.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              118203555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             141901.026411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   182.644641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    73.355359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.713456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.286544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        86811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        72643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       159454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         159454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       159454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        159454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    772355477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    772355477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     20416644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     20416644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    792772121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    792772121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    792772121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    792772121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        88755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72708                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72708                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       161463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       161463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 397302.200103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 397302.200103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 314102.215385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 314102.215385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 394610.314087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 394610.314087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 394610.314087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 394610.314087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    192102033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    192102033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    192294333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    192294333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    192294333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    192294333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 334672.531359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334672.531359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 333265.741768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333265.741768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 333265.741768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333265.741768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              506.105211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              750133224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1479552.710059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    24.105211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.038630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         125262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        125262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71979941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71979941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71979941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71979941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71979941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71979941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       125303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       125303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1755608.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1755608.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1755608.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1755608.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1755608.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1755608.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45446186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45446186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45446186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45446186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45446186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45446186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1817847.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1817847.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1817847.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1817847.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1817847.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1817847.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              118203545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             141901.014406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   182.446235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    73.553765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.712681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.287319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        86804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        72640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       159444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         159444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       159444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        159444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    781870666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    781870666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     31292644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31292644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    813163310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    813163310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    813163310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    813163310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        88748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       161453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       161453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 402196.844650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 402196.844650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 481425.292308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481425.292308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 404760.233947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 404760.233947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 404760.233947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 404760.233947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    193751792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193751792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    193944092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193944092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    193944092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193944092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 337546.675958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337546.675958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 336124.942808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336124.942808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 336124.942808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336124.942808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              490.205806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              749565986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1490190.827038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.205806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.024368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       132043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        132043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       132043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         132043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       132043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        132043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67409614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67409614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67409614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67409614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67409614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67409614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       132086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       132086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       132086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       132086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       132086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       132086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1567665.441860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1567665.441860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1567665.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1567665.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1567665.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1567665.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       271589                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       271589                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59240880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59240880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59240880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59240880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59240880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59240880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2115745.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2115745.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2115745.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2115745.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2115745.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2115745.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              113244072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             167520.816568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   141.947928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   114.052072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.554484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.445516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        89648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        74540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       164188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         164188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       164188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        164188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    460438484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    460438484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1266464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1266464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    461704948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    461704948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    461704948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    461704948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        90971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        74556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       165527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       165527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.014543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 348026.065004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 348026.065004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        79154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        79154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 344813.254668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 344813.254668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 344813.254668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 344813.254668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    141307692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141307692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    141499992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    141499992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    141499992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    141499992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 338867.366906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338867.366906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336904.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336904.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336904.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336904.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              502.560696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753291399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1497597.214712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.560696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.020129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        99555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         99555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        99555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total          99555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        99555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total         99555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12610662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12610662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12610662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12610662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12610662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12610662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        99569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        99569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total        99569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        99569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total        99569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 900761.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 900761.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 900761.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 900761.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 900761.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 900761.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11855480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11855480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11855480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11855480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11855480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11855480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       911960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       911960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       911960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       911960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       911960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       911960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  900                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              125501592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             108565.391003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   186.641049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    69.358951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.729067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.270933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        74954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         74954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        60351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       135305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         135305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       135305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        135305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          381                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          381                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1324048923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1324048923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    361677076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    361677076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1685725999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1685725999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1685725999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1685725999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        77095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        60732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        60732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       137827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       137827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       137827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       137827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.027771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.018298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.018298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 618425.466137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 618425.466137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 949283.664042                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949283.664042                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 668408.405630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 668408.405630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 668408.405630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 668408.405630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1621                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1621                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    546226232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    546226232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     40242271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40242271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    586468503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    586468503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    586468503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    586468503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000675                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000675                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 635146.781395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 635146.781395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 981518.804878                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 981518.804878                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 650908.438402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 650908.438402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 650908.438402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 650908.438402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
