
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010679                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10678609392                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               535506202929                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 399537                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   509139                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 267388                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67618480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39936.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15956222679                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20333381819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       375168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       142464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       387840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       243200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       143360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       261632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       175616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       143360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       141312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       375936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       142720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       384640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       261248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       385536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       366592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       260736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4261760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1081728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1081728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 33295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8451                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8451                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       443503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     35132664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       443503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13341063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       419530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     36319336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       419530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     22774501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       455490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13424969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       347611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24500568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       443503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     16445587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       407544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13424969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       419530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13233184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       395557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     35204584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       395557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13365036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       395557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     36019671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       359597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24464609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       455490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     36103577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       419530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34329564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       371584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     24416662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               399093163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       443503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       443503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       419530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       419530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       455490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       347611                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       443503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       407544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       419530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       395557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       395557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       395557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       359597                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       455490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       419530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       371584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6592619                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         101298583                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              101298583                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         101298583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       443503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     35132664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       443503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13341063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       419530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     36319336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       419530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     22774501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       455490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13424969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       347611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24500568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       443503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     16445587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       407544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13424969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       419530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13233184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       395557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     35204584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       395557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13365036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       395557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     36019671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       359597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24464609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       455490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     36103577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       419530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34329564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       371584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     24416662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              500391746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25608177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2079617                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700672                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205112                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853046                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817497                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213250                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9122                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20177512                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11806359                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2079617                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1030747                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2471735                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        598204                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       350825                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1242728                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206585                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23388695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20916960     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133598      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210855      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336273      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139604      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         155657      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166107      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         109089      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1220552      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23388695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081209                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461039                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19991597                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       538573                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2463756                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6423                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       388343                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340798                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          282                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14413926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1653                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       388343                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20022890                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        171551                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       276406                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2439471                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        90029                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14404823                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        33853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4718                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19996488                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67006313                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67006313                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023992                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2972481                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3655                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2006                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          271536                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373714                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737868                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22279                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       168345                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14384408                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3662                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13597032                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17425                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1858478                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4152703                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          344                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23388695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17657634     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2299916      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1255713      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859087      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802704      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229912      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180465      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60849      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42415      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23388695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3215     12.57%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9867     38.59%     51.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12487     48.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11389747     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215166      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257337      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733136      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13597032                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530964                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25569                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50625752                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16246707                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13375035                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13622601                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40268                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       250156                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          165                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23652                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          863                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       388343                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        116607                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12276                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14388093                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373714                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737868                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2005                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          165                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119117                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117620                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236737                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13401237                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1181818                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195794                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1914635                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1884750                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732817                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523319                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13375241                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13375035                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7820613                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20432408                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522295                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382755                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2130921                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3318                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209188                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23000352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18022248     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412302     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938530      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505419      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377845      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211322      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130631      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116644      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285411      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23000352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837774                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123558                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       285411                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37102988                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29164608                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                328007                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2219482                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.560818                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.560818                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.390500                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.390500                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60429817                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18540868                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13443586                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3314                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25608177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2323611                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1934828                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212905                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       880311                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847074                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9832                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20197618                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12746862                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2323611                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1096704                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2655678                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        594362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       655077                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1256183                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203433                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23887863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21232185     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         162241      0.68%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         204163      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         327014      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         137336      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         175623      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         205273      0.86%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          94684      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1349344      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23887863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090737                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.497765                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20078388                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       786090                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2642885                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1299                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       379200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       353290                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          290                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     15581039                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1657                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       379200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20099365                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         64946                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       663648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2623160                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        57536                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     15483763                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         8198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        40136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     21624587                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     71997297                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     71997297                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     18052815                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3571756                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3721                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1931                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          202381                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1452257                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       757410                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8449                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       168232                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         15114485                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3735                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14487415                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15370                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1858648                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3801612                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23887863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17754644     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2793247     11.69%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1144397      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640951      2.68%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       869840      3.64%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       269266      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263035      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141243      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11240      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23887863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100161     78.95%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13729     10.82%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12977     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12204183     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197895      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1790      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1328661      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754886      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14487415                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.565734                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126867                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53004930                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16976971                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14107910                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14614282                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10845                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278870                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          106                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11687                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       379200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         49620                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6170                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15118226                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12068                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1452257                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757410                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1931                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5365                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          106                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125454                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120153                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       245607                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14233630                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305780                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       253785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2060570                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2012153                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           754790                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.555824                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             14107994                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            14107910                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8452514                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        22710032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.550914                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372193                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10502726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12941808                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2176467                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3612                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       214508                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23508663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18032430     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2774785     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007608      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       502065      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459147      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193198      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190738      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90930      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257762      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23508663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10502726                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12941808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1919107                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1173384                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1875743                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11651977                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       267260                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       257762                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           38369098                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          30615775                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                308635                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1720314                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10502726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12941808                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10502726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.438241                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.438241                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.410132                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.410132                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       64040598                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      19714226                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      14407547                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3608                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25608177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1997846                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1802285                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106990                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       770313                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         712184                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109948                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4663                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21161774                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12567579                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1997846                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       822132                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2485072                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        336732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       467317                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1216903                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107387                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     24341291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21856219     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          88852      0.37%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         181828      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          75527      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         412382      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         367308      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          70785      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         148681      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1139709      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     24341291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.078016                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.490764                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       21044221                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       586479                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2475835                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         7872                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       226881                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       175638                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          248                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14738943                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1504                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       226881                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       21065870                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        410319                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       109387                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2463410                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        65421                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14730720                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        27670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        23987                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          228                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     17303944                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     69377845                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     69377845                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     15311778                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        1992145                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1720                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          876                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          168666                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3472394                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1754561                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16410                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        85691                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14699791                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1726                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        14119462                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7759                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1156557                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2789699                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24341291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19327637     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1498527      6.16%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233320      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       532102      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676160      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       654352      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       371375      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29205      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18613      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24341291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35886     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       278689     86.38%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8066      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8861701     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123358      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3383240     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1750319     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     14119462                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.551365                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322641                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022851                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52910614                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15858453                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13996987                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14442103                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25803                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138591                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          381                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11520                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1247                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       226881                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        373953                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18161                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14701533                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3472394                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1754561                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          876                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12363                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          381                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61565                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63664                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       125229                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14019403                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3371661                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100058                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            5121812                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1836308                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1750151                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.547458                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13997525                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13996987                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7560969                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14905579                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.546583                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507258                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11363041                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13353508                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1349301                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       109088                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24114410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19274031     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1764854      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829054      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       819016      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222877      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       953203      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71568      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51889      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127918      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24114410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11363041                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13353508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              5076835                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3333799                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1763257                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11874673                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       129354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       127918                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           38689262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          29632544                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                465918                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1266886                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11363041                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13353508                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11363041                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.253638                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.253638                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.443727                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.443727                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       69297961                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      16259467                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      17538296                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25608177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2087433                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1711244                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206051                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       866102                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815018                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213891                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19939452                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11867128                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2087433                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1028909                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2608455                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        584040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       623915                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1229362                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204414                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23546590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20938135     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         281454      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         324677      1.38%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         180000      0.76%     92.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         209027      0.89%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         114226      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          78464      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         202375      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1218232      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23546590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081514                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.463412                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19779380                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       787381                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2587728                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        19488                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       372611                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       339106                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2152                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14484807                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        11132                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       372611                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19809968                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        267864                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       433184                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2577876                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        85085                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14475353                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        21880                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        39833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     20116074                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     67401831                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     67401831                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17166184                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2949874                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3775                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          231192                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382847                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       753306                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19983                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       166754                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14453204                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3783                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13656521                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19283                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1810402                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4193775                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          413                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23546590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17791475     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2315725      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1242922      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       861218      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       752191      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       385779      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92173      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60255      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44852      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23546590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3474     11.85%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12614     43.01%     54.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13239     45.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11430457     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213484      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1672      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1263460      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       747448      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13656521                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.533288                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29327                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50908239                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16267531                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429123                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13685848                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34288                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245207                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           78                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          143                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17184                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       372611                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        218971                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14079                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14457006                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2729                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382847                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       753306                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9971                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          143                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119042                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115826                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       234868                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13454714                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1185956                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201804                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1933157                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1882610                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           747201                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.525407                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13429413                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13429123                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7981714                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20906791                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.524408                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381776                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10081003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12368391                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2088758                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3370                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       207031                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23173979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18121393     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2342974     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       981938      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       589405      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       409089      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       264330      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136713      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110054      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       218083      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23173979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10081003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12368391                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1873751                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1137635                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1770171                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11150653                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       251693                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       218083                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37412980                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          29286949                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                306694                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2061587                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10081003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12368391                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10081003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.540241                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.540241                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393663                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393663                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60692894                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18639006                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13519577                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25608177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2323209                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1934529                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212779                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       881812                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847501                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249702                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9847                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20198413                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12744298                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2323209                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1097203                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2655946                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        593156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       658271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1255976                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203319                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23891054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21235108     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         162535      0.68%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         205376      0.86%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         326725      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         136979      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         175815      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         205332      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          94173      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1349011      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23891054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090721                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.497665                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20079375                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       789044                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2643199                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1300                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       378135                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       353146                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          289                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15576756                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1668                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       378135                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20100390                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         64997                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       666497                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2623460                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        57567                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15479273                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         8241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        40154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21620316                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     71978898                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     71978898                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     18061570                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3558725                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3760                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1969                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          203185                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1451121                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       757342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8359                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       170391                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         15111804                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3773                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14489474                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14999                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1850602                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3779378                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          160                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23891054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17754312     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2796844     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1145184      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640864      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       869368      3.64%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268536      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263358      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141334      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11254      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23891054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99961     78.96%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13665     10.79%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12966     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12206073     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198008      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1328906      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754696      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14489474                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.565814                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126592                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008737                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53011590                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16966278                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14109922                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14616066                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10774                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277164                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          103                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11252                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       378135                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         49613                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6202                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15115584                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11910                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1451121                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1969                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5404                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          103                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125597                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119803                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       245400                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14235761                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1306272                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       253710                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2060848                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2012711                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           754576                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.555907                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14110032                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14109922                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8454808                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        22714197                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.550993                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372226                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10507807                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12948103                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2167527                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       214377                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23512919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550680                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18032730     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2777391     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008204      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       502749      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459043      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193220      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190858      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91155      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257569      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23512919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10507807                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12948103                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1920047                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1173957                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1876663                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11657634                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       267388                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       257569                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           38370902                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          30609420                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                308411                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1717123                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10507807                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12948103                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10507807                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.437062                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.437062                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.410330                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.410330                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       64050466                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19718366                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14405001                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25608177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1937834                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1733891                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156457                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1310897                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278368                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113438                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4624                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20557668                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11015623                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1937834                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1391806                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2454835                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        516531                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       302859                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1245699                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153231                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23674608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21219773     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         377938      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         185604      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         374182      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         115248      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         348580      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          53721      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          86843      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         912719      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23674608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075672                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.430160                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20356830                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       508742                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2449844                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1943                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       357245                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       178885                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1976                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12285116                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4699                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       357245                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20380011                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        304105                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       133173                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2427255                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        72815                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12265827                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9335                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        56442                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     16030928                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     55534997                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     55534997                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     12935188                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3095710                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          816                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          166780                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2250511                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       350343                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2986                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        78754                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12201936                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1610                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11407334                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7650                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2252683                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4626250                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23674608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18675623     78.88%     78.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1554254      6.57%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1694517      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974164      4.11%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       499074      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125712      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144957      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3500      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2807      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23674608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18751     57.13%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7759     23.64%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6309     19.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8920897     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87008      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2051814     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346826      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11407334                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.445457                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32819                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46529745                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14456265                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11112695                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     11440153                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8918                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       469163                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           41                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9253                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       357245                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        218206                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8974                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12203562                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          450                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2250511                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350343                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          815                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4123                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          212                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           41                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105187                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60257                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       165444                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11263680                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2022119                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2368892                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1714950                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           346773                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.439847                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11115933                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11112695                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6730731                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14526808                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.433951                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.463332                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8848716                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      9932895                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2271145                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1592                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       155303                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23317363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19634245     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1436134      6.16%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931556      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       293252      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492082      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93948      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59744      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53855      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322547      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23317363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8848716                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      9932895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2122429                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1781339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1526506                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         8672011                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       121463                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       322547                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35198817                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          24765647                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                465407                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1933569                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8848716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             9932895                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8848716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.893999                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.893999                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.345543                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.345543                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       52407956                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      14443932                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13100015                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25608177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2113274                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1729445                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       209274                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       891659                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830732                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217987                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9419                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20375499                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11807016                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2113274                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1048719                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2464891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        569741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       457947                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1248224                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       209237                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23656121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21191230     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         115179      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         182780      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         246478      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         254061      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         214958      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         120278      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         179225      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1151932      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23656121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082523                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461064                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20170806                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       664636                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2460370                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2783                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       357523                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       347276                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14489938                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1531                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       357523                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20226374                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        137136                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       401472                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2408271                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       125342                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14483692                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        16569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        54900                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     20213266                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     67371110                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     67371110                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     17520547                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2692715                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3611                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1888                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          378880                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1358218                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       733723                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8554                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       213550                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14465404                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3623                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13741392                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2032                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1594666                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3804864                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          152                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23656121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17809131     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2430453     10.27%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1224666      5.18%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       900092      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       710477      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       289501      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183527      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95436      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12838      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23656121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2531     10.99%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8400     36.49%     47.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12090     52.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11558761     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204397      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1722      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1245250      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731262      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13741392                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.536602                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23021                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001675                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51163958                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16063747                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13532065                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13764413                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27959                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       220169                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           56                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9740                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       357523                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        110015                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11948                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14469049                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1358218                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       733723                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1889                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10115                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           56                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       121412                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117606                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       239018                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549007                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1171626                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192385                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1902833                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1925718                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           731207                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.529089                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13532205                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13532065                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7769501                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        20938051                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.528428                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371071                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10213176                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12567289                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1901770                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3471                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       211657                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23298598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539401                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383441                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18115983     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2581923     11.08%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       963311      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       459432      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404199      1.73%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223256      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       184310      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87960      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       278224      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23298598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10213176                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12567289                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1862030                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1138047                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1732                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1812195                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11323065                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       258850                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       278224                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           37489368                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          29295663                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                310873                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1952056                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10213176                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12567289                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10213176                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.507367                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.507367                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.398825                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.398825                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       60981149                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      18853173                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13430003                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3468                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25608177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2324283                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1935256                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212681                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       880368                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         846517                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249717                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9770                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20197012                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12750151                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2324283                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1096234                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2655689                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        593742                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       653708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1256017                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203351                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23885516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.032211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21229827     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         162523      0.68%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         203029      0.85%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         326907      1.37%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         137141      0.57%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         176285      0.74%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         205589      0.86%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          94818      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1349397      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23885516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090763                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.497894                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20077906                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       784424                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2643030                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1332                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       378823                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       353516                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15585638                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1664                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       378823                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20098884                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         64781                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       661992                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2623339                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        57689                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15489108                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         8343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        40055                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21630370                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     72020462                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     72020462                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     18059916                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3570454                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3742                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1951                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          203389                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1452607                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       757854                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8669                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       171528                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15119484                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3755                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14495123                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15665                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1856644                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3792960                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          142                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23885516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.328055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17747713     74.30%     74.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2797019     11.71%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1144504      4.79%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641259      2.68%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       869829      3.64%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       269008      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263562      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141385      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11237      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23885516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100235     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13801     10.87%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12942     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12209915     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197913      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1330096      9.18%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       755408      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14495123                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.566035                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126978                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008760                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53018405                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16979987                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14114547                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14622101                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11022                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278743                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          106                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11825                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       378823                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         49218                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6201                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15123244                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11743                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1452607                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757854                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1950                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5414                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          106                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125017                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120285                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       245302                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14241285                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1307205                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       253838                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2062510                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2012772                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           755305                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.556123                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14114639                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14114547                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8455455                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        22720165                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.551173                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372156                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10506855                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12946941                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2176349                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       214278                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23506693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550777                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18027295     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2776847     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008445      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501777      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459696      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192961      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       191019      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91054      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257599      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23506693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10506855                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12946941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1919893                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1173864                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1876508                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11656579                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       267364                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       257599                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           38372306                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          30625415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                308133                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1722661                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10506855                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12946941                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10506855                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.437283                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.437283                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.410293                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.410293                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       64075231                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19722441                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14411641                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25608177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2323917                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1934721                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212755                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       882917                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         846907                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249258                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9755                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20196159                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12743405                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2323917                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1096165                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2654924                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        593430                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       658412                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1255875                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203411                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23888234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21233310     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         162723      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         203623      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         326500      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         137358      0.58%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         176734      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         204564      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          94597      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1348825      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23888234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090749                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.497630                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20077090                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       789070                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2642283                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1327                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       378463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       353692                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     15576903                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1596                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       378463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20098078                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         65206                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       666211                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2622599                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        57669                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     15481057                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         8325                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        39943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     21619786                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     71980528                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     71980528                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     18060407                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3559366                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3759                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1968                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          203224                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1451444                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       757330                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8391                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       168898                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         15111440                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3773                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        14488327                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14924                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1850681                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3777786                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          160                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23888234                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17753191     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2795322     11.70%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1144871      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640795      2.68%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       869613      3.64%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268129      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263613      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141497      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11203      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23888234                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99860     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13684     10.82%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12965     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12205766     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197866      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1328018      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754886      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     14488327                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.565770                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126509                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53006320                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16965983                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14109474                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     14614836                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10854                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277550                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           92                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11277                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       378463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         49915                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6166                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15115219                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11617                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1451444                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757330                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1968                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5347                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           92                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124680                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120423                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       245103                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14235240                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1306091                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       253086                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2060864                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2012827                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           754773                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.555887                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             14109567                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            14109474                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8452937                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        22705679                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.550975                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372283                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10507150                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12947299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2167955                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       214356                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23509771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18031145     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2776274     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007900      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501845      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459634      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193331      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190846      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90945      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257851      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23509771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10507150                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12947299                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1919947                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1173894                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1876549                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11656911                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       267373                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       257851                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           38367096                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          30608989                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                308414                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1719943                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10507150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12947299                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10507150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.437214                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.437214                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.410304                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.410304                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       64047005                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      19715993                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      14404210                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25608177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2079585                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700528                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204702                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852092                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816795                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213452                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9149                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20177147                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11806317                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2079585                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1030247                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2471330                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        596397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       358815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1242271                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206148                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23394480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20923150     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         133398      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         210448      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         336872      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         139815      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         155095      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         166261      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         109023      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1220418      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23394480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081208                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.461037                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19991081                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       546727                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2463311                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         6442                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       386916                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       340913                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14412070                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1595                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       386916                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20022424                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        173280                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       282996                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2438901                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        89958                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14402863                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         2507                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        24851                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        34024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4307                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19997138                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     66994619                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     66994619                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17032211                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2964927                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3651                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2001                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          272077                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372541                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       738114                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22423                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       168763                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14382903                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3662                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13601468                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16944                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1849586                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4119952                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          340                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23394480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17662406     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298517      9.83%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257767      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858996      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803333      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229363      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180909      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60684      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42505      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23394480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3231     12.68%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9788     38.40%     51.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12472     48.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11393194     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215384      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1647      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257643      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733600      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13601468                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.531138                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25491                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50639851                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16236303                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13379578                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13626959                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41538                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248444                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23557                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          877                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       386916                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        118613                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12167                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14386587                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          593                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372541                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738114                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2003                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8960                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118596                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117644                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       236240                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13405350                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182480                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       196118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1915715                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1885444                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           733235                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.523479                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13379809                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13379578                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7823379                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20435174                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522473                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382839                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10004895                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12263073                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2123546                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3322                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       208826                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23007564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18026966     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412666     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       940109      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505403      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378123      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211497      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131044      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116309      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285447      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23007564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10004895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12263073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1838654                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1124097                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1658                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1760459                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11049757                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       249107                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       285447                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37108671                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29160188                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                327493                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2213697                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10004895                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12263073                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10004895                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.559565                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.559565                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390691                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390691                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60450207                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18548753                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13444977                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3318                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25608169                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2324785                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1935785                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213218                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       881276                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847046                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249427                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9812                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20196267                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12750448                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2324785                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1096473                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2656335                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        595154                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       651131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1256518                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203852                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23883713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.032286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21227378     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         162605      0.68%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         204143      0.85%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         326982      1.37%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         137099      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         176268      0.74%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         204658      0.86%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          94368      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1350212      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23883713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090783                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.497905                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20077198                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       781871                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2643623                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1326                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       379694                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       353495                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     15585296                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1661                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       379694                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20098176                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         65098                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       659260                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2623959                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        57518                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     15488411                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        40094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     21628710                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     72015342                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     72015342                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     18051865                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3576845                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3739                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1949                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          203120                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1452507                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       757337                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8400                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       168564                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15117090                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3754                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14490724                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15224                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1860776                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3796773                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          141                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23883713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.328104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17749982     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2793068     11.69%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1144866      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640932      2.68%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       869256      3.64%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       269075      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       264201      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141141      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11192      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23883713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100043     78.95%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13707     10.82%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12964     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12208199     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197833      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1790      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1328013      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754889      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14490724                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.565863                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126714                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008744                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53007099                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16981720                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14110459                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14617438                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10900                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       279191                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          103                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11648                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       379694                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         49737                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6191                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15120850                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11847                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1452507                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757337                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1949                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5391                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          103                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125167                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120752                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       245919                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14236270                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305579                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       254454                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2060370                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2012360                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           754791                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.555927                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14110552                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14110459                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8453811                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        22715133                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.551014                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372166                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10502170                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12941108                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2179800                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       214822                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23504019                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18028446     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2774353     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007425      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501811      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459135      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193254      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       191084      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90930      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257581      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23504019                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10502170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12941108                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1919005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1173316                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1875626                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11651350                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       267241                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       257581                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           38367268                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          30621523                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                308940                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1724456                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10502170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12941108                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10502170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.438369                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.438369                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.410110                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.410110                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       64051852                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      19717459                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      14410866                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25608177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1998535                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1803013                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106368                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       762304                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         712048                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         110023                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4705                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21166485                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12573729                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1998535                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       822071                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2485550                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        335009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       466134                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1216538                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106688                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     24344184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21858634     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          88331      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         181927      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          75507      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         412328      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         367771      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          70487      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         149042      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1140157      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     24344184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.078043                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.491004                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       21048502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       585735                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2476368                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         7805                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       225771                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       175567                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          244                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14744875                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1485                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       225771                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       21070364                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        406827                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       111768                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2463690                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        65761                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14735974                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        27517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        24174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          368                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17306048                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     69406688                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     69406688                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15321645                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1984397                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1761                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          917                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          169648                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3475713                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1756718                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16522                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        85759                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14704674                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1768                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14126473                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7458                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1152715                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2777271                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           64                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24344184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580281                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.378048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19329405     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1497551      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234661      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       531639      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676365      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       654561      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       372185      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29228      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18589      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24344184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35901     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       279076     86.39%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8049      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8862563     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123411      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3387257     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1752398     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14126473                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.551639                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            323026                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52927614                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15859540                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14005071                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14449499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25824                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       137629                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          386                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11536                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1248                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       225771                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        370558                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18098                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14706464                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3475713                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1756718                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          917                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12298                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          386                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60955                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63454                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       124409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14027223                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3375842                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99250                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            5128072                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1837257                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1752230                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.547763                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14005598                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14005071                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7565666                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14909918                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.546898                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507425                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11372471                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13364222                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1343591                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1704                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       108478                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24118413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19274719     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1765482      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829297      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       819992      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       223083      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       954730      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71358      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51976      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127776      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24118413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11372471                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13364222                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              5083258                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3338081                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1764545                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11884099                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       129354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       127776                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           38698411                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          29641434                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                465799                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1263993                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11372471                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13364222                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11372471                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.251769                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.251769                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.444095                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.444095                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       69345025                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16265296                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      17550986                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1702                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25608177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1938294                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1734714                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156427                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1312746                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1279447                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113227                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4609                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20563731                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11017148                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1938294                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1392674                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2455669                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        516193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       303289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1245882                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153178                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23681625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21225956     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         378469      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         185399      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         374512      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         115406      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         348851      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          53619      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          86642      0.37%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         912771      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23681625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075690                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.430220                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20368381                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       503719                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2450618                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1973                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       356930                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       178665                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         1982                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12286382                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         4742                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       356930                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20390987                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        300933                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       133131                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2428485                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        71155                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12267116                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         9400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        54749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     16032013                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     55537329                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     55537329                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     12938654                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3093329                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          824                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          164444                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2251249                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       350261                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3026                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        77917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12202405                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1618                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        11408475                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7471                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2250725                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4618884                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23681625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18681478     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1554790      6.57%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1695605      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973904      4.11%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498679      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       126083      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144787      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3482      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2817      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23681625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18623     56.94%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7769     23.75%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6315     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8921954     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87035      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2051872     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346825      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     11408475                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.445501                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32707                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46538751                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14454791                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11114364                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     11441182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8839                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       469022                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9166                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       356930                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        217641                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8816                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12204037                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          544                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2251249                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350261                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          822                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4136                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          216                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105304                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60120                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       165424                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11265191                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2022558                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2369320                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1715210                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           346762                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.439906                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             11117416                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            11114364                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6731888                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        14524882                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.434016                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.463473                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8851651                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      9935830                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2268701                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       155268                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23324695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19640647     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1436631      6.16%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931705      3.99%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       293106      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492416      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93855      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59671      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53806      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322858      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23324695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      8851651                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      9935830                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2123313                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1782218                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1526989                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         8674467                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       121465                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       322858                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           35206329                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          24766318                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                465641                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1926552                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           8851651                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             9935830                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      8851651                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.893040                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.893040                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.345657                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.345657                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       52414320                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      14445622                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13102113                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1592                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25608177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1998420                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1802430                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106770                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774980                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         711640                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         110006                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4634                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21166652                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12571577                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1998420                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       821646                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2484496                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        336247                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       464293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1216912                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107171                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     24342268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21857772     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          88325      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         181334      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          75522      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         412155      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         367365      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          70733      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         149415      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1139647      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     24342268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.078038                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.490920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       21048133                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       584401                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2475395                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         7764                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       226572                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       175978                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          255                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14741054                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1555                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       226572                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       21070354                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        406009                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       110547                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2462296                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        66487                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14732435                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        27389                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        24588                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          443                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     17305611                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     69384161                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     69384161                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15314768                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        1990837                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1772                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          928                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          171634                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3472894                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1755596                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16427                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        85176                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14701931                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1779                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14125282                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7825                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1153922                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2773716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           75                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24342268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.378002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19327099     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1498223      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234969      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       531757      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675945      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       654070      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       372388      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29144      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18673      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24342268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35919     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       278771     86.36%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8109      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8864634     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123497      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3385167     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1751140     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14125282                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.551593                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322799                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022853                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52923456                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15858029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14002994                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14448081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25695                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       137800                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          399                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11909                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1248                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       226572                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        369961                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18065                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14703733                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          141                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3472894                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1755596                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12308                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          399                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61269                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63645                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       124914                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14025701                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3373313                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            5124258                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1837221                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1750945                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.547704                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14003569                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14002994                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7563109                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        14905248                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.546817                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507412                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11365893                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     13356747                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1348307                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1704                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       108884                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24115696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19274129     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1765126      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829274      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       819596      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222738      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       953598      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71334      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51869      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       128032      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24115696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11365893                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     13356747                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              5078773                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3335091                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1763648                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11877521                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       129354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       128032                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           38692679                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29636711                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                465972                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1265909                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11365893                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            13356747                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11365893                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.253072                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.253072                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.443838                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.443838                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       69329203                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      16268536                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      17544495                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1702                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25608177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2078673                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699967                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205265                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854255                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817643                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213408                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9124                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20183267                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11801849                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2078673                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1031051                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2471422                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        597124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       352854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1243061                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206593                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23394937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20923515     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         133540      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         211384      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         336457      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         139243      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         155129      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         167228      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         109328      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1219113      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23394937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081172                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460863                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19997572                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       540392                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2463453                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         6398                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       387119                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       340551                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14408307                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1612                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       387119                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20028508                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        173718                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       277610                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2439474                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        88503                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14399126                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        25003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        33562                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3770                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19990103                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     66981489                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     66981489                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17031862                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2958241                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3688                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2040                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          269880                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372726                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       737775                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22231                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       168915                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379047                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3699                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13596386                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17232                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1847435                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4128858                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          377                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23394937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17662757     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2300605      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1256305      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859698      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802468      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229859      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180047      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60956      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42242      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23394937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3235     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9871     38.58%     51.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12479     48.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11389210     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215175      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1647      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257146      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733208      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13596386                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530939                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25585                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001882                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50630526                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16230336                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13375107                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13621971                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248644                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23227                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          882                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       387119                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        119281                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12452                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14382767                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          728                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372726                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737775                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2040                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9253                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119357                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117486                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       236843                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13401276                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182157                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1914990                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1884892                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           732833                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523320                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13375339                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13375107                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7821231                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20433087                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522298                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382773                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10004696                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12262837                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2119972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3322                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       209346                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23007818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18027001     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412913     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939543      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       506448      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377795      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211570      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130583      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116754      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285211      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23007818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10004696                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12262837                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1838630                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1124082                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1658                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1760416                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11049557                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       249105                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       285211                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37105351                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29152763                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                327772                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2213240                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10004696                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12262837                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10004696                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.559616                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.559616                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390684                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390684                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60430431                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18541321                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13439395                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3318                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25608177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1938457                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1735038                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156503                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1310589                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1279460                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113229                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4600                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20563185                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11017395                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1938457                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1392689                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2455644                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        516645                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       301049                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1246134                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153300                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23679187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21223543     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         378054      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         185509      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         374812      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         115813      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         348418      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          53867      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          86620      0.37%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         912551      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23679187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075697                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.430230                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20367098                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       502250                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2450583                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1949                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       357303                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       178623                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1981                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12286110                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         4742                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       357303                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20389722                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        298268                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       134281                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2428319                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        71290                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12266796                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         9348                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        54842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     16034891                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     55537087                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     55537087                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     12936400                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3098478                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1601                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          813                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          164852                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2250726                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       350249                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3169                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        78819                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12202730                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1607                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        11407057                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7781                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2252943                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4627849                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23679187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18679847     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1553794      6.56%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1696367      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973843      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498508      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125213      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145251      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3515      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2849      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23679187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18825     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7762     23.60%     80.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6305     19.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8921025     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87056      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2051448     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346739      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     11407057                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.445446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32892                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002883                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46533974                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14457323                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11112860                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     11439949                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       469076                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9157                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       357303                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        214687                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8750                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12204355                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1034                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2250726                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350249                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          812                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4104                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          219                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105283                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60237                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       165520                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11264085                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2022529                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142972                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2369215                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1715290                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           346686                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.439863                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             11115780                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            11112860                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6730536                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        14520095                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.433957                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.463533                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8849747                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      9933926                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2270928                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1592                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       155346                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23321884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19638272     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1436504      6.16%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931889      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292955      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492224      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93693      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59766      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53826      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322755      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23321884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8849747                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      9933926                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2122740                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1781648                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1526680                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         8672870                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       121464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       322755                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           35203944                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          24767300                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                465710                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1928990                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8849747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             9933926                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8849747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.893662                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.893662                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.345583                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.345583                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       52408775                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      14445605                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13101851                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          33299                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.799579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1350500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          66057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          20.444465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           242.057218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.812891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1186.917365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.417542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   473.442208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    20.988314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1318.496885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    18.966116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   783.714923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.291383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   486.073376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    19.032480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   889.746498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    21.633100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   597.509076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    21.072201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   492.380779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.568619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   483.728899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.535339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1170.054937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.354350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   495.959691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.432732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1298.352052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.581731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   886.904964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.977776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1290.380746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.253564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1155.925249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.491262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   881.517102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1367.174715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           793.835396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1399.208772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1234.263126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           783.366722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1278.087310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           933.901811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           791.003699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           794.704952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1356.074643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           764.897925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1418.592226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1234.823457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1436.666319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1436.522510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1258.104627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.036222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.014448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.040237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.023917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.014834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.027153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.018235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.015026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.014762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.035707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.015135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.039623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.027066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.039379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.035276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.026902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.041723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.024226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.042700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.037667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.023906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.039004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.028500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.024140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.024252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.041384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.023343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.043292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.037684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.043844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.043839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.038394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   59002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16448                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16448                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    59209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4393                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2647                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3663                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2639                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2619                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2641                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4409                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2638                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5108                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3704                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5126                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3703                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   59209                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 33291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  33295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2931                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1113                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1900                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2044                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1372                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2937                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1115                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3005                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2041                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3012                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 33295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5570924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    443444227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5655378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    168731786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5359059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    459468915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5166579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    285277879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5931553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    168627169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4484616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    307947737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5504638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    206765725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5231025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    170268453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5637059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    168051308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5103613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    444374621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5045226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    167664507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4892601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    455695790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4571812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    306328690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5697041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    457576163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5292005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    434041120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4867410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    305492904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5033767533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       314641                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       282719                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        597360                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5570924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    443444227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5655378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    168731786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5359059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    459468915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5166579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    285592520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5931553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    168627169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4484616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    308230456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5504638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    206765725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5231025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    170268453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5637059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    168051308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5103613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    444374621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5045226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    167664507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4892601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    455695790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4571812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    306328690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5697041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    457576163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5292005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    434041120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4867410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    305492904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5034364893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5570924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    443444227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5655378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    168731786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5359059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    459468915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5166579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    285592520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5931553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    168627169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4484616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    308230456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5504638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    206765725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5231025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    170268453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5637059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    168051308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5103613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    444374621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5045226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    167664507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4892601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    455695790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4571812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    306328690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5697041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    457576163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5292005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    434041120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4867410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    305492904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5034364893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               92293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16448                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16448                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                92504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               92504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.401012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.297355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.342229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.299225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.300913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.296058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.400627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.298208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.370525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.391257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.355435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.360710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.018957                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.400191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.296011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.297952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.299545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.370116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.390457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.359930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.400191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.296011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.297952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.299545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.370116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.390457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.359930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150565.513514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151294.516206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152848.054054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151600.885894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153115.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151639.905941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 147616.542857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150304.467334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156093.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150559.972321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154641.931034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150806.923115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       148774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150703.881195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153853.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152025.404464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161058.828571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152220.387681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154654.939394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151302.220293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152885.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150371.755157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148260.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151645.853577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152393.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150087.550220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149922.131579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151917.716799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151200.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151550.670391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157013.225806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149971.970545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151205.056412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 157320.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 141359.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       149340                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150565.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151294.516206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152848.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151600.885894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153115.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151639.905941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 147616.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150311.852632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156093.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150559.972321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154641.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150797.679061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       148774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150703.881195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153853.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152025.404464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161058.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152220.387681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154654.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151302.220293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152885.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150371.755157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148260.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151645.853577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152393.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150087.550220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149922.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151917.716799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151200.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151550.670391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157013.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149971.970545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151204.832347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150565.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151294.516206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152848.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151600.885894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153115.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151639.905941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 147616.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150311.852632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156093.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150559.972321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154641.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150797.679061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       148774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150703.881195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153853.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152025.404464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161058.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152220.387681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154654.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151302.220293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152885.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150371.755157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148260.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151645.853577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152393.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150087.550220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149922.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151917.716799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151200.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151550.670391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157013.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149971.970545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151204.832347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8451                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8451                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            33291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             33295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            33295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3417072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272766827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3501268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    103936251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3322631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    283091735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3126177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    174698982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3724093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    103411614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2797914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    189027692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3350166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    126875823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3257326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    105064602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3601063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    103774986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3182593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    273338572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3128660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    102749678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2972864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    280765366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2828511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    187437565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3484996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    282248566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3256455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    267255170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3065785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    186830207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3095291210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       198718                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       166048                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       364766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3417072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272766827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3501268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    103936251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3322631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    283091735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3126177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    174897700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3724093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    103411614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2797914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    189193740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3350166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    126875823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3257326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    105064602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3601063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    103774986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3182593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    273338572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3128660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    102749678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2972864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    280765366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2828511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    187437565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3484996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    282248566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3256455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    267255170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3065785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    186830207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3095655976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3417072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272766827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3501268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    103936251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3322631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    283091735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3126177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    174897700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3724093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    103411614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2797914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    189193740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3350166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    126875823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3257326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    105064602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3601063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    103774986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3182593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    273338572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3128660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    102749678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2972864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    280765366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2828511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    187437565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3484996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    282248566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3256455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    267255170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3065785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    186830207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3095655976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.401012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.297355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.342229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.299225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.300913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.296058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.400627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.298208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.370525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.391257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.355435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.360710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.400191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.296011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.297952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.299545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.370116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.390457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.359930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.400191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.296011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.297952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.299545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.370116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.390457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.359930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92353.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93062.718185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94628.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93383.873315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94932.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93429.615512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 89319.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92043.720759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98002.447368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92331.798214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96479.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92569.878550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90545.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92475.089650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95803.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93807.680357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102887.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93999.081522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96442.212121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93067.270003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94807.878788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92152.177578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90086.787879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93432.734110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94283.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91836.141597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91710.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93708.023240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93041.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93315.352654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98896.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91718.314678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92976.816857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        99359                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        83024                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91191.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92353.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93062.718185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94628.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93383.873315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94932.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93429.615512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 89319.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92051.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98002.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92331.798214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96479.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92560.538160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90545.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92475.089650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95803.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93807.680357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102887.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93999.081522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96442.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93067.270003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94807.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92152.177578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90086.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93432.734110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94283.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91836.141597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91710.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93708.023240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93041.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93315.352654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98896.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91718.314678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92976.602373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92353.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93062.718185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94628.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93383.873315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94932.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93429.615512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 89319.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92051.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98002.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92331.798214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96479.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92560.538160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90545.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92475.089650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95803.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93807.680357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102887.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93999.081522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96442.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93067.270003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94807.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92152.177578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90086.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93432.734110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94283.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91836.141597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91710.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93708.023240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93041.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93315.352654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98896.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91718.314678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92976.602373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              522.567841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001250729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1896308.198864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    32.567841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.052192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.837448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1242680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1242680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7878902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7878902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7878902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7878902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7878902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7878902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164143.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164143.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164143.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164143.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164143.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164143.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6417847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6417847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6417847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6417847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6417847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6417847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168890.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168890.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168890.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168890.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168890.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168890.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7324                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166552378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21972.609235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.103154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.896846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.891028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.108972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       860478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1962                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1962                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1571257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1571257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1571257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1571257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        18804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        18804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2201780329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2201780329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7402466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7402466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2209182795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2209182795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2209182795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2209182795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       879193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1962                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1962                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1590061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1590061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1590061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1590061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117647.893615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117647.893615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 83173.775281                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83173.775281                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117484.726388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117484.726388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117484.726388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117484.726388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11480                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11480                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    769503823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    769503823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       998899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       998899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    770502722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    770502722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    770502722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    770502722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105281.683267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105281.683267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66593.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66593.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105202.447023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105202.447023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105202.447023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105202.447023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              487.259410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              998618650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2021495.242915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    32.259410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.051698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1256130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1256130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1256130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1256130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1256130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1256130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10753448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10753448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10753448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10753448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10753448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10753448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1256183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1256183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1256183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1256183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1256183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1256183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 202895.245283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 202895.245283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 202895.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 202895.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 202895.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 202895.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8209166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8209166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8209166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8209166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8209166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8209166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 210491.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210491.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 210491.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210491.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 210491.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210491.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 3760                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              148109167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4016                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             36879.772659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   217.069004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    38.930996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.847926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.152074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1000152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       741982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1893                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1893                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1742134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1742134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1742134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1742134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         9692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         9692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1005026328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1005026328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8582345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8582345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1013608673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1013608673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1013608673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1013608673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1009751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       742075                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742075                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1893                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1893                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1751826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1751826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1751826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1751826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104701.148870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104701.148870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92283.279570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92283.279570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104581.992674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104581.992674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104581.992674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104581.992674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        32035                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 16017.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    358809351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    358809351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1440493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1440493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    360249844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    360249844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    360249844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    360249844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95861.434945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95861.434945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84734.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84734.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95811.128723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95811.128723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95811.128723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95811.128723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              569.917899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1026158183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1772293.925734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.498700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.419198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.045671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1216857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1216857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1216857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1216857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1216857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1216857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7257218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7257218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7257218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7257218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7257218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7257218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1216903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1216903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1216903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157765.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157765.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157765.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157765.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157765.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157765.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5913164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5913164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5913164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5913164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5913164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5913164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164254.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164254.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164254.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164254.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164254.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164254.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 8121                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              404462718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 8377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             48282.525725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.063381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.936619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.433841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.566159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3181689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3181689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1741276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1741276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4922965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4922965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4922965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4922965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        28730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        28730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3257486403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3257486403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2439430                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2439430                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3259925833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3259925833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3259925833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3259925833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3210389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3210389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1741306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1741306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4951695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4951695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4951695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4951695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113501.268397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113501.268397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 81314.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81314.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113467.658649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113467.658649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113467.658649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113467.658649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1600                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1600                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    847727707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    847727707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       607573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       607573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    848335280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    848335280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    848335280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    848335280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104502.922461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104502.922461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 67508.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67508.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104461.923408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104461.923408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104461.923408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104461.923408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              510.233881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              996791763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1924308.422780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    28.233881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.045247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1229317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1229317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1229317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1229317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1229317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6787538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6787538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6787538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6787538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6787538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6787538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1229362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1229362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1229362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150834.177778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150834.177778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150834.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150834.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150834.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150834.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5559220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5559220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5559220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5559220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5559220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5559220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154422.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154422.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154422.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154422.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154422.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154422.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5563                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              157696572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5819                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             27100.287335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   226.206087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    29.793913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.883618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.116382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       866241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        866241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       732059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       732059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1755                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1755                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1598300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1598300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1598300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1598300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        19640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        19640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2357137212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2357137212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     53315097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53315097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2410452309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2410452309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2410452309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2410452309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       885428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       885428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       732512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       732512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1755                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1755                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1617940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1617940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1617940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1617940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000618                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000618                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122850.743316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122850.743316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117693.370861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117693.370861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122731.787627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122731.787627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122731.787627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122731.787627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1976                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1976                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    549857813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    549857813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1322738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1322738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    551180551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    551180551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    551180551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    551180551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99144.935629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99144.935629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 77808.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77808.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99079.732339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99079.732339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99079.732339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99079.732339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              487.801614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              998618445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs                  2017411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.801614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.052567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1255925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1255925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1255925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1255925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1255925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9808080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9808080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9808080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9808080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9808080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9808080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1255976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1255976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1255976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 192315.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192315.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 192315.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192315.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 192315.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192315.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8010629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8010629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8010629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8010629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8010629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8010629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 200265.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 200265.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 200265.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 200265.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 200265.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 200265.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 3759                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              148109960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4015                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             36889.155666                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   217.057450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    38.942550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.847881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.152119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1000535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       742351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1742886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1742886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1742886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1742886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         9671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         9671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1002825769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1002825769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7066574                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7066574                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1009892343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1009892343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1009892343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1009892343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1010117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       742440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1752557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1752557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1752557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1752557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104657.249948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104657.249948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 79399.707865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79399.707865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104424.810568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104424.810568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104424.810568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104424.810568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    360006457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360006457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1392091                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1392091                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    361398548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361398548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    361398548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361398548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96181.260219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96181.260219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87005.687500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87005.687500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96142.204842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96142.204842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96142.204842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96142.204842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              551.999785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              915064208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1642844.179533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.936660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.063125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.041565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1245661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1245661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1245661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1245661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1245661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1245661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6062824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6062824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6062824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6062824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6062824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6062824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1245699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1245699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1245699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       159548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       159548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       159548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       159548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       159548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       159548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4977060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4977060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4977060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4977060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4977060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4977060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       165902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       165902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       165902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       165902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       165902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       165902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5737                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              204295115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             34088.956282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   183.724825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    72.275175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.717675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.282325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1851699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1851699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       339434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2191133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2191133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2191133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2191133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        20015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20015                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        20015                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2158245630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2158245630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5430224                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5430224                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2163675854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2163675854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2163675854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2163675854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1871669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1871669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       339479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2211148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2211148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2211148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2211148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108074.393090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108074.393090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120671.644444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120671.644444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108102.715663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108102.715663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108102.715663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108102.715663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          666                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             666                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    578091119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    578091119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       822288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       822288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    578913407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    578913407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    578913407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    578913407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100923.728876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100923.728876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91365.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91365.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100908.734007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100908.734007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100908.734007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100908.734007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              506.120778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              995511278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1936792.369650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    31.120778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.049873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1248176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1248176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1248176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1248176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1248176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7267675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7267675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7267675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7267675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7267675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7267675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1248224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1248224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1248224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151409.895833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151409.895833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151409.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151409.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151409.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151409.895833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6083100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6083100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6083100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6083100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6083100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6083100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155976.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155976.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155976.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155976.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155976.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155976.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 4014                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              151804475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35551.399297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   222.914441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    33.085559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.870760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.129240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       857415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        857415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       720576                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       720576                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1734                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1734                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1577991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1577991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1577991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1577991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        12945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        12945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1518427832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1518427832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6969336                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6969336                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1525397168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1525397168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1525397168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1525397168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       870273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       870273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       720663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       720663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1734                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1734                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1590936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1590936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1590936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1590936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.014775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118092.069684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118092.069684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 80107.310345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80107.310345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117836.783932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117836.783932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117836.783932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117836.783932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          849                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             849                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8931                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8931                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    396732146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    396732146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       972061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       972061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    397704207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    397704207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    397704207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    397704207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99207.838460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99207.838460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64804.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64804.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99079.274290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99079.274290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99079.274290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99079.274290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              486.341358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              998618488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2033846.207739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    31.341358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.050227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1255968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1255968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1255968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1255968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1255968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9494657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9494657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9494657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9494657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9494657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9494657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1256017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1256017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1256017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1256017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1256017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1256017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 193768.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193768.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 193768.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 193768.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 193768.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 193768.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7263670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7263670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7263670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7263670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7263670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7263670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 201768.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201768.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 201768.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201768.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 201768.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201768.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148110620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 3995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             37073.997497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   217.041312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    38.958688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.847818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.152182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1001277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1001277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       742286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1743563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1743563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1743563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1743563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1006594368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1006594368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7719571                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7719571                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1014313939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1014313939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1014313939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1014313939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1010862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       742379                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742379                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1753241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1753241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1753241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1753241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105017.670110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105017.670110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 83006.139785                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83006.139785                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104806.151994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104806.151994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104806.151994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104806.151994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        38387                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        38387                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5939                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5939                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    359180306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    359180306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1375573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1375573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    360555879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    360555879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    360555879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    360555879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96501.962923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96501.962923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 80916.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80916.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96431.098957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96431.098957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96431.098957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96431.098957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              487.775123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              998618348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2029712.089431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    32.775123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.052524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1255828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1255828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1255828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1255828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1255828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9613803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9613803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9613803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9613803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9613803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9613803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1255875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1255875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1255875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       204549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       204549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       204549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       204549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       204549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       204549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7937143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7937143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7937143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7937143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7937143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7937143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 214517.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214517.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 214517.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214517.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 214517.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214517.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 3745                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              148109699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             37018.170207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   217.056103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    38.943897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.847875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.152125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1000310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       742315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1742625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1742625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1742625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1742625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         9672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         9672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1005865076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1005865076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7335728                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7335728                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1013200804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1013200804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1013200804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1013200804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1009894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       742403                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742403                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1752297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1752297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1752297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1752297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104952.532972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104952.532972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 83360.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83360.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104756.079818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104756.079818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104756.079818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104756.079818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    359540678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    359540678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1509934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1509934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    361050612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361050612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    361050612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361050612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96417.451864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96417.451864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94370.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94370.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96408.708144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96408.708144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96408.708144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96408.708144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              519.487129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001250275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1910782.967557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    29.487129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.047255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1242226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1242226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6901051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6901051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6901051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6901051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6901051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6901051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153356.688889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153356.688889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153356.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153356.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153356.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153356.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5494519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5494519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5494519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5494519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5494519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5494519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161603.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161603.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161603.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161603.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161603.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161603.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              166551918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 7602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             21908.960537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   227.993190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    28.006810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.890598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.109402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       859686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       711118                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       711118                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1659                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1659                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1570804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1570804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        18871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        18871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2209635390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2209635390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7327436                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7327436                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2216962826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2216962826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2216962826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2216962826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       878469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       711206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       711206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1659                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1659                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1589675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1589675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117640.174094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117640.174094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 83266.318182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83266.318182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117479.880557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117479.880557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117479.880557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117479.880557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11525                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11525                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    770172137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    770172137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       977460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       977460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    771149597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    771149597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    771149597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    771149597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105056.900423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105056.900423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        65164                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65164                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104975.442009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104975.442009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104975.442009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104975.442009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              485.614492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              998618993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2037997.944898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.614492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.049062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.778228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1256473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1256473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1256473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1256473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1256473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1256473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8197162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8197162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8197162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8197162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8197162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8197162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1256518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1256518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1256518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1256518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1256518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1256518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 182159.155556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182159.155556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 182159.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182159.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 182159.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182159.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6472354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6472354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6472354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6472354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6472354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6472354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 184924.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184924.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 184924.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184924.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 184924.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184924.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 3753                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148108945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             36944.111998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   217.043015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    38.956985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.847824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.152176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       999904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       741988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1741892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1741892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1741892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1741892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           52                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           52                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         9652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         9652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1000195100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1000195100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4809992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4809992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1005005092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1005005092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1005005092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1005005092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1009504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       742040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1751544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1751544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1751544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1751544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104186.989583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104186.989583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92499.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92499.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104124.025280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104124.025280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104124.025280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104124.025280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5899                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5899                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    357855783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    357855783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1118887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1118887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    358974670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    358974670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    358974670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    358974670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95708.955068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95708.955068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 79920.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79920.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95650.058620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95650.058620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95650.058620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95650.058620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              569.773890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1026157819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1778436.428076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    27.977613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.796277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.044836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1216493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1216493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1216493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1216493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1216493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1216493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6952277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6952277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6952277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6952277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6952277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6952277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1216538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1216538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1216538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154495.044444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154495.044444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154495.044444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154495.044444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154495.044444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154495.044444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5391757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5391757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5391757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5391757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5391757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5391757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158581.088235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158581.088235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158581.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158581.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158581.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158581.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 8113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              404469008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             48329.430995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.063659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.936341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.433842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.566158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3185800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3185800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1743416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1743416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          892                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          892                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4929216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4929216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4929216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4929216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        28765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        28765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3259649721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3259649721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2540366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2540366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3262190087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3262190087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3262190087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3262190087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3214535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3214535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1743446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1743446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          892                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          892                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4957981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4957981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4957981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4957981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113438.305934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113438.305934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84678.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84678.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113408.311733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113408.311733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113408.311733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113408.311733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1627                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1627                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20652                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20652                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    845123111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    845123111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       654860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       654860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    845777971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    845777971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    845777971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    845777971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104284.687932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104284.687932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 72762.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72762.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104249.719093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104249.719093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104249.719093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104249.719093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              552.938939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              915064389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1639900.338710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    26.875881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.063058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.043070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1245842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1245842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1245842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1245842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1245842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1245842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6265912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6265912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6265912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6265912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6265912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6265912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1245882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1245882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1245882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156647.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156647.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156647.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156647.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156647.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156647.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5126376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5126376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5126376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5126376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5126376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5126376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165366.967742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165366.967742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165366.967742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165366.967742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165366.967742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165366.967742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5745                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              204295779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             34043.622563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   183.848079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    72.151921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.718157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.281843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1852349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1852349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       339438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2191787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2191787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2191787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2191787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        20044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        20044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2153853575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2153853575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3968499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3968499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2157822074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2157822074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2157822074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2157822074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1872348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1872348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       339483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2211831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2211831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2211831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2211831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107698.063653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107698.063653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 88188.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88188.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107654.264318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107654.264318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107654.264318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107654.264318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    577414221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    577414221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       627666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       627666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    578041887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    578041887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    578041887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    578041887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100664.961820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100664.961820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 69740.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69740.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100616.516449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100616.516449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100616.516449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100616.516449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              572.288489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1026158191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1763158.403780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.869633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.418857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.049471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1216865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1216865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1216865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1216865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1216865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1216865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7797351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7797351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7797351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7797351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7797351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7797351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1216912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1216912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1216912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165901.085106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165901.085106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165901.085106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165901.085106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165901.085106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165901.085106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6592735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6592735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6592735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6592735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6592735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6592735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 169044.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169044.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 169044.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169044.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 169044.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169044.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 8138                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              404465216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 8394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             48185.038837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.079171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.920829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.433903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.566097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3183491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3183491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1741922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1741922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4925413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        4925413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4925413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       4925413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        28640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        28640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3246481837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3246481837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2368080                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2368080                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3248849917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3248849917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3248849917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3248849917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3212102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3212102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1741951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1741951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          903                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          903                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4954053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4954053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4954053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4954053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113469.708748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113469.708748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 81657.931034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81657.931034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113437.497102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113437.497102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113437.497102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113437.497102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    846644804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    846644804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       611591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       611591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    847256395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    847256395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    847256395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    847256395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104151.162997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104151.162997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67954.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67954.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104111.132342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104111.132342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104111.132342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104111.132342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              521.030942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001251066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1903519.136882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.030942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.049729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1243017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1243017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6982462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6982462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6982462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6982462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6982462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6982462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1243061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1243061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1243061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158692.318182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158692.318182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158692.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158692.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158692.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158692.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5748765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5748765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5748765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5748765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5748765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5748765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159687.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159687.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159687.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159687.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159687.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159687.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7335                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166553142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             21940.869714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   227.950462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    28.049538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.890431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.109569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       860879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       711110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       711110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1992                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1992                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1659                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1659                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1571989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1571989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1571989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1571989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2185188088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2185188088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7325594                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7325594                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2192513682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2192513682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2192513682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2192513682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       879555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       711197                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       711197                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1992                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1992                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1659                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1659                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1590752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1590752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1590752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1590752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117005.144999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117005.144999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84202.229885                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84202.229885                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116853.044929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116853.044929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116853.044929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116853.044929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    764899695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    764899695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1001582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1001582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    765901277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    765901277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    765901277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    765901277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104494.493852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104494.493852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 66772.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66772.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104417.352011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104417.352011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104417.352011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104417.352011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              553.054353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              915064640                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1636967.155635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    26.991287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.063066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.043255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1246093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1246093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1246093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1246093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1246093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1246093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6781242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6781242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6781242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6781242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6781242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6781242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1246134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1246134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1246134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1246134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1246134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165396.146341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165396.146341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165396.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165396.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165396.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165396.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5470550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5470550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5470550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5470550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5470550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5470550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170954.687500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170954.687500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170954.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170954.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170954.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170954.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5740                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              204295920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             34072.034690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   183.723543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    72.276457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.717670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.282330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1852503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1852503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       339436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2191939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2191939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2191939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2191939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        19949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        19949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2140333187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2140333187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3809990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3809990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2144143177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2144143177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2144143177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2144143177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1872407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1872407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       339481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2211888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2211888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2211888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2211888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107532.816871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107532.816871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84666.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84666.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107481.236002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107481.236002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107481.236002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107481.236002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14209                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14209                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    575287461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    575287461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       661413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       661413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    575948874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    575948874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    575948874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    575948874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100381.689234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100381.689234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 73490.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73490.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100339.525087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100339.525087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100339.525087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100339.525087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
