
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010638                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10638476895                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537740539803                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 427664                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   544336                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 283602                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67611368                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 37511.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16042502717                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20419095635                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       251904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       420096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       187648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       387328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       187136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       263808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       264192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       187904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       386560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       260352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       151424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       422656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       419456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       180480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       255872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       416768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4714368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1211520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1211520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 36831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9465                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9465                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       421113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     23678578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       445177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     39488359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       457208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17638615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       433145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     36408219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       445177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17590488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       324859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24797535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       324859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24833630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       457208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     17662679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       445177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     36336029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       348922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     24472676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       385018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     14233616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       409081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39728995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       433145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     39428200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       457208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     16964835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       409081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24051563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       457208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39175533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               443143135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       421113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       445177                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       457208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       433145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       445177                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       324859                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       324859                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       457208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       445177                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       348922                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       385018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       409081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       433145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       457208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       409081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       457208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6653584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         113880964                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              113880964                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         113880964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       421113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     23678578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       445177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     39488359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       457208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17638615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       433145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     36408219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       445177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17590488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       324859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24797535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       324859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24833630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       457208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     17662679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       445177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     36336029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       348922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     24472676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       385018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     14233616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       409081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39728995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       433145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     39428200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       457208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     16964835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       409081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24051563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       457208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39175533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              557024098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25511936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2068886                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1697855                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205714                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       858662                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         811050                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211639                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9054                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19826292                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11765754                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2068886                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1022689                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2589745                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        581404                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       648321                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1223101                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204201                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23436773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20847028     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         278210      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         327700      1.40%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178614      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         208252      0.89%     93.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         112936      0.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          77252      0.33%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         199269      0.85%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1207512      5.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23436773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081095                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461186                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19664665                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       813447                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2569185                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19211                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       370259                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       334095                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2156                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14358574                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11388                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       370259                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19695387                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        243700                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       483729                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2558939                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        84753                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14349132                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           38                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21437                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        40092                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19946368                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66822420                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66822420                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025516                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2920848                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3788                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2128                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          230529                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1369861                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       745732                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18996                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       163022                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14324795                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3796                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13532213                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16412                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1789737                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4150720                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          454                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23436773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17727565     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2303968      9.83%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1231845      5.26%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       851672      3.63%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       744792      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       380613      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91484      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60270      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44564      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23436773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3310     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12471     42.69%     54.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13429     45.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11329127     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211749      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1249842      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       739837      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13532213                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530427                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29210                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50546821                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16118457                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13309140                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13561423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33984                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       241121                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          132                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15188                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       370259                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        196055                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13858                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14328616                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6151                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1369861                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       745732                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2127                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9823                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          132                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119713                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114818                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       234531                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13331989                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1175030                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200224                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1914643                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1865631                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           739613                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.522578                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13309406                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13309140                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7917049                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20724334                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.521683                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382017                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2060070                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206748                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23066514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18052747     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2325283     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974844      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584778      2.54%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406273      1.76%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261242      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136706      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109287      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215354      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23066514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859284                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128740                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       215354                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37179849                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29027780                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                306204                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2075163                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.551193                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.551193                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.391973                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.391973                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60154627                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18474951                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13404453                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25511936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1988296                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1793698                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106592                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       760581                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         708399                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109603                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4658                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21051632                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12509751                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1988296                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       818002                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2473237                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        335580                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       480553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1210741                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106893                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     24231799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21758562     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          88772      0.37%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         180778      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          75483      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         409708      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         365134      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          70329      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         148027      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1135006      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     24231799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077936                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.490349                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20934124                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       599646                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2464112                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         7787                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       226125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       174695                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          252                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14670086                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       226125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20955842                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        423192                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       109794                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2451584                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        65255                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14661470                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        27318                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        23725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          635                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     17225377                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     69052916                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     69052916                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15233935                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        1991430                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1739                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          899                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          167809                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3455359                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1745832                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15999                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        84649                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14630279                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1746                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14052127                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7504                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1157952                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2780385                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24231799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19242775     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1490806      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1227067      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       529439      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       673190      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       651387      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369218      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29469      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18448      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24231799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35684     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       277181     86.37%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8041      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8820164     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122819      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3366775     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1741529     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14052127                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.550806                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320906                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52664463                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15790343                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13929646                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14373033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25599                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138081                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11395                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1244                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       226125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        386634                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18145                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14632043                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3455359                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1745832                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          899                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12347                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60986                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63543                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       124529                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13952095                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3354886                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100032                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            5096236                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1826775                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1741350                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.546885                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13930156                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13929646                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7526276                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14838477                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.546005                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507214                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11305733                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13285891                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1347494                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1696                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       108688                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24005674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19189785     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1755898      7.31%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       824591      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       815186      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221859      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       948598      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70817      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51595      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127345      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24005674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11305733                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13285891                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              5051708                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             3317271                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1754160                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11814631                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       128662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       127345                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           38511675                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          29492938                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                463472                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1280137                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11305733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13285891                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11305733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.256549                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.256549                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.443155                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.443155                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       68965809                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16183828                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      17455566                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1694                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25511936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2106334                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1723347                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207048                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       863763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         827012                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217283                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9454                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20261989                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11778095                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2106334                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1044295                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2457474                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        567527                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       463506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1241082                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207130                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23540763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21083289     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         114717      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         181315      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         245843      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         253248      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         214896      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         119885      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         178453      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1149117      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23540763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082563                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461670                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20057667                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       669847                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2452872                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2845                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       357530                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       346568                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14450575                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1539                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       357530                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20112976                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        136748                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       407883                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2401201                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       124423                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14444411                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        16849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        54270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     20156028                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     67194924                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     67194924                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17437320                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2718696                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3577                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1859                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          375710                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1352817                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       732013                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8567                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       227707                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14425203                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3591                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13686785                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1990                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1615873                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3881870                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          130                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23540763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17708123     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2431016     10.33%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1222390      5.19%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       894303      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       706521      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288786      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       181900      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95126      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12598      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23540763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2784     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8396     37.00%     49.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11510     50.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11510142     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204263      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1715      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1241105      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       729560      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13686785                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.536486                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22690                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50939013                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16044727                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13478303                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13709475                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27454                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219655                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11104                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       357530                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        108629                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12247                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14428813                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5899                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1352817                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       732013                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10310                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119701                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116793                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       236494                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13495331                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1166957                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191454                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1896454                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1917528                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           729497                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.528981                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13478438                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13478303                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7737268                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        20850295                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.528314                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371087                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10165485                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12509029                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1919780                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3461                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       209426                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23183233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18015586     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2578799     11.12%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       957896      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458209      1.98%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406535      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222374      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180530      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87811      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       275493      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23183233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10165485                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12509029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1854067                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1133158                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1726                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1803989                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11270444                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       257656                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       275493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37336471                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          29215174                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                308690                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1971173                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10165485                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12509029                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10165485                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.509662                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.509662                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.398460                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.398460                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       60738002                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      18774935                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13395769                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3458                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25511936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2071855                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1694402                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       203998                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       851346                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813149                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212473                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9094                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20076096                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11757793                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2071855                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1025622                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2461786                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        594397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       360718                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1236406                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205330                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23284588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20822802     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         133809      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         210058      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         334510      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         138402      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         155264      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         165714      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         107853      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1216176      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23284588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081211                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.460874                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19889994                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       548647                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2453882                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         6357                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       385707                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       339579                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          283                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14354511                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1678                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       385707                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19921981                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        174301                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       284236                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2428875                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        89475                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14345062                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents         2592                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        24732                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        33934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4089                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19913926                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     66724359                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     66724359                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16957261                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2956654                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3643                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1999                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          271431                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1367542                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       734432                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22086                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       167552                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14322773                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3651                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13537419                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17363                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846686                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4135016                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          345                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23284588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17580704     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2286661      9.82%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1251414      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854860      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       799581      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       228512      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179777      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60828      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42251      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23284588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3230     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9873     38.71%     51.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12400     48.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11340040     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214304      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1640      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1251460      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       729975      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13537419                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530631                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25503                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001884                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50402292                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16173265                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13316262                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13562922                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40661                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248290                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           28                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22746                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          873                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       385707                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        119726                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12206                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14326450                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6035                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1367542                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734432                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2000                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9030                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117446                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       234993                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13342442                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1176747                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1906347                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1876480                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           729600                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.522988                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13316516                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13316262                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7786502                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20341363                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521962                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382792                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9960877                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12209504                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2116985                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3306                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       208015                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22898881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17941928     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2400485     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935209      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       503946      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       376073      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210153      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130446      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116098      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       284543      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22898881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9960877                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12209504                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1830937                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1119251                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1752562                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11001769                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       248075                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       284543                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36940762                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          29038726                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                325827                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2227348                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9960877                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12209504                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9960877                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.561214                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.561214                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.390440                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.390440                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60165464                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18459311                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13387899                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3302                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25511936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2106117                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1723058                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207264                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       866330                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826918                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217363                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9461                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20259882                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11777899                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2106117                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1044281                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2457664                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        567271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       465084                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1241169                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207263                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23539955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21082291     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         114714      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         181693      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         246344      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         252469      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         214893      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         120209      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         177654      0.75%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1149688      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23539955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082554                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461662                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20055330                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       671729                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2453010                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2825                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       357059                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       346611                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14450283                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1554                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       357059                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20110776                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        137159                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       408877                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2401164                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       124918                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14444087                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        17054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        54442                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     20155068                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     67193344                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     67193344                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17437987                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2717081                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3579                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          376505                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1353017                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       732017                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8646                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       228819                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14424700                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3592                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13688248                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1985                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1614956                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3872825                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23539955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17707491     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2430470     10.32%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1222046      5.19%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       894388      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       707102      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288894      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       181935      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94998      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12631      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23539955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2819     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8396     36.99%     49.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11481     50.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11511735     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204208      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1715      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1241127      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       729463      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13688248                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536543                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22696                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50941132                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16043306                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13479853                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13710944                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28165                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219811                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11089                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       357059                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        108714                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12290                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14428313                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5849                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1353017                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       732017                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10375                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119548                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117112                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       236660                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13496979                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1167214                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1896616                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1917636                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           729402                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529046                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13479985                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13479853                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7738765                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20853490                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528374                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371102                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10165859                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12509498                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1918829                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3460                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       209638                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23182896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18015842     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2578577     11.12%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       957389      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458054      1.98%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406567      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222211      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180778      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87834      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       275644      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23182896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10165859                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12509498                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1854134                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1133206                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1726                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1804069                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11270851                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       257662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       275644                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37335501                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29213730                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                308862                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1971981                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10165859                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12509498                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10165859                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.509570                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.509570                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398475                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398475                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       60745361                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18776873                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13395623                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3456                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25511936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1930599                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1728821                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153677                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1292820                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1275761                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112153                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4571                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20487719                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10980778                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1930599                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1387914                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2447561                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        507936                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       308642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1239437                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       150494                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23597350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21149789     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         379277      1.61%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         184149      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         373459      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         114088      0.48%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         347335      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          53192      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          86273      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         909788      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23597350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075674                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.430417                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20222746                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       578583                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2442567                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1980                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       351473                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       177689                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1955                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12240423                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4602                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       351473                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20252701                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        351206                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       137658                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2414970                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        89336                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12221466                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9321                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        72681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     15971246                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     55322931                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     55322931                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     12919401                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3051840                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1586                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          802                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          189182                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2243329                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       347998                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3125                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        79458                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12157520                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1590                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11372504                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7306                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2218591                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4561950                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23597350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18606180     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1556047      6.59%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1690336      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       977533      4.14%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       492908      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123767      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144225      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3463      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2891      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23597350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18637     57.40%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7598     23.40%     80.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6232     19.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8892925     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86473      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          785      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2047491     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344830      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11372504                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.445772                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32467                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002855                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46382131                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14377731                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11082818                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     11404971                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       458573                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9291                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       351473                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        231631                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10958                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12159116                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          482                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2243329                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347998                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          800                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4182                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          254                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103572                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59208                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       162780                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11231389                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2019244                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2364045                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1710518                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           344801                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.440241                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11085476                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11082818                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6716297                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14470275                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.434417                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.464144                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8846236                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      9923801                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2235826                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1582                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       152529                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23245877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299501                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19571435     84.19%     84.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1429581      6.15%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932743      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290157      1.25%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491543      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93201      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59050      0.25%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53550      0.23%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324617      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23245877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8846236                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      9923801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2123460                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1784753                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               790                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1526008                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         8661488                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       120591                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       324617                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35080861                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          24670985                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                458708                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1914586                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8846236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             9923801                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8846236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.883931                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.883931                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.346749                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.346749                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       52267125                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      14402686                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13063340                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1580                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25511936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1929032                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1727530                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154384                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1290828                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1274037                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112135                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4654                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20483968                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10973471                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1929032                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1386172                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2445743                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        509858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       309469                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1239566                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151223                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23593823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21148080     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         378413      1.60%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         184250      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         373375      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         114113      0.48%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         346860      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          52990      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          86250      0.37%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         909492      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23593823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075613                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.430131                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20217866                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       580536                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2440772                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1963                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       352685                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       177378                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1958                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12233519                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4630                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       352685                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20247907                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        353832                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       136295                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2413090                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        90008                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12214572                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        73285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     15964705                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     55293675                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     55293675                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     12901422                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3063246                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1587                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          805                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          190146                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2241532                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       347607                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3155                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        79414                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12149894                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1592                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11362058                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7361                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2224333                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4575755                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23593823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18607586     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555089      6.59%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1688280      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       975370      4.13%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       493133      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123660      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144361      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3451      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2893      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23593823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18631     57.35%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7633     23.49%     80.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6225     19.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8885029     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86419      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2045426     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344400      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11362058                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.445362                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32489                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002859                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46357789                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14375849                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11071408                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     11394547                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8857                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       459499                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9276                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       352685                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        233519                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10911                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12151493                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2241532                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347607                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          803                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4091                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          265                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103950                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59588                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       163538                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11219999                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2017105                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2361476                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1708305                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           344371                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.439794                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11074102                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11071408                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6708886                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14457515                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.433970                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.464041                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8833578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      9909972                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2241987                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1579                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       153233                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23241138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19571443     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1428013      6.14%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931388      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289982      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       490595      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92972      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59188      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53587      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       323970      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23241138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8833578                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      9909972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2120354                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1782023                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1523904                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         8649500                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       120468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       323970                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35069101                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          24656882                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                459207                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1918113                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8833578                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             9909972                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8833578                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.888064                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.888064                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.346253                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.346253                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       52214518                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      14388972                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13053578                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1578                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25511867                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2105471                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1722583                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207467                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       866079                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         827216                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217197                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9433                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20259942                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11772095                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2105471                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1044413                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2456678                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        568199                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       462415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1241270                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207523                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23537080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21080402     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         114991      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         181342      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         246281      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         252889      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         214164      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         120143      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         178253      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1148615      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23537080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082529                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461436                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20055494                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       668924                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2452028                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2852                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       357780                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       346484                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14443006                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1552                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       357780                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20110697                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        135936                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       407923                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2400397                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       124345                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14436864                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        16965                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        54168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     20144216                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     67158684                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     67158684                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17427190                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2716925                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3553                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1838                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          374834                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1352452                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       731539                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8605                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       228398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14417338                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3567                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13679646                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1981                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1616118                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3877635                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23537080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17707234     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2429391     10.32%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1222425      5.19%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       894286      3.80%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705610      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288693      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182062      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94762      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12617      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23537080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2802     12.35%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8405     37.03%     49.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11488     50.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11504148     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204050      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1714      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1240604      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       729130      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13679646                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.536207                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22695                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50921048                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16037083                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13471241                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13702341                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27443                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219972                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11065                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       357780                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        107523                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12278                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14420935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6065                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1352452                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       731539                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1839                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10419                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119927                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116691                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       236618                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13488558                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1166691                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191088                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  30                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1895759                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1916493                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           729068                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.528717                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13471378                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13471241                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7733304                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20838245                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528038                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371111                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10159598                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12501700                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1919169                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3461                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       209846                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23179300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18015189     77.72%     77.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2577054     11.12%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       956904      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457764      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406370      1.75%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222424      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180471      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87872      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       275252      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23179300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10159598                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12501700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1852938                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1132471                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1726                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1802912                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11263850                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       257499                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       275252                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37324839                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29199610                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                309210                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1974787                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10159598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12501700                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10159598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.511110                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.511110                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.398230                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.398230                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60708008                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18765131                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13388944                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3458                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25511936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2069525                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692482                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204334                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       858714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814223                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212495                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9155                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20079860                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11743471                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2069525                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1026718                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2459752                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        593374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       358136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1236659                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205657                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23282345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20822593     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         133947      0.58%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         210066      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         334149      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         138659      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         155108      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         166146      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         108001      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1213676      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23282345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081120                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460313                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19895458                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       544381                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2451748                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         6436                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       384321                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       339179                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14337239                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1645                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       384321                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19926705                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        174549                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       280704                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2427526                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        88527                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14327565                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         2561                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        24828                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        33168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4477                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19889405                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     66643236                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     66643236                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16952027                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2937368                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3611                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1968                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          266283                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1366528                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       734080                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       166887                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14305241                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3620                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13529104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17389                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1834525                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4092207                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          314                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23282345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17578404     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2288474      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1252385      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854503      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       797685      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       228893      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179168      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60526      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42307      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23282345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3222     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10074     39.19%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12407     48.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11332437     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214156      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1640      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1251300      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       729571      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13529104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530305                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25703                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001900                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50383644                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16143541                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13307911                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13554807                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39901                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22597                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          867                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       384321                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        118886                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11990                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14308885                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6504                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1366528                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734080                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1969                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8838                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118314                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117156                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       235470                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13334085                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1176383                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195018                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1905591                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1875577                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           729208                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.522661                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13308159                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13307911                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7782623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20326078                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.521635                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382889                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9957852                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12205745                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2103169                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3306                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       208390                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22898024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17941124     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2400910     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935264      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       503970      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       375916      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210470      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130231      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116115      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       284024      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22898024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9957852                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12205745                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1830392                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1118909                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1752009                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10998383                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       247992                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       284024                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36922849                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          29002181                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                326011                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2229591                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9957852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12205745                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9957852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.561992                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.561992                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390321                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390321                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       60128717                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18449169                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13372911                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3302                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25511936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1929039                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1727540                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154720                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1305443                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1275484                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112396                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4664                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20485626                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10965907                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1929039                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1387880                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2445474                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        509359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       307945                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1239976                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151484                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23592858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21147384     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         378738      1.61%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         184037      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         373415      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         114580      0.49%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         347626      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          53132      0.23%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          86046      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         907900      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23592858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075613                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.429834                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20219024                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       579582                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2440411                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1987                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       351853                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       177339                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1960                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12225489                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4654                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       351853                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20249319                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        351564                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       137424                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2412622                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        90070                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12206538                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         9405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        73346                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     15954621                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     55255376                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     55255376                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     12901028                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3053593                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1589                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          807                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          189330                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2240850                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       346895                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3104                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        79013                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12142067                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1594                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        11357977                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7289                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2216784                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4557255                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23592858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.091901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18606906     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555988      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1688094      7.16%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       975276      4.13%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       492570      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123457      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144334      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3460      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2773      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23592858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18631     57.44%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7595     23.42%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6210     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8882541     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86372      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2044545     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       343735      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     11357977                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.445202                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32436                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002856                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46348537                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14360473                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11067696                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     11390413                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8831                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       458928                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       351853                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        230445                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10980                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12143666                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          500                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2240850                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       346895                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          805                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4134                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          243                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104555                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59249                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       163804                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11215862                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2015885                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2359580                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1708321                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           343695                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.439632                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             11070445                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            11067696                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6707477                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        14452961                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.433824                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.464090                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8833247                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      9909641                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2234537                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1579                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       153563                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23241005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19571199     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1428374      6.15%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931745      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289077      1.24%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       490972      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92957      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59016      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53543      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324122      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23241005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8833247                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      9909641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2120253                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1781922                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1523853                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         8649220                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       120468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       324122                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           35061035                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          24640466                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                459282                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1919078                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8833247                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             9909641                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8833247                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.888172                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.888172                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.346240                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.346240                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       52193955                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      14385424                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13044564                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1578                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25511936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2310619                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1923373                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211487                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       884918                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         843992                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248330                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9926                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20108830                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12672614                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2310619                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1092322                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2640860                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        589488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       670422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1250184                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202216                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23796177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21155317     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         161997      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         203627      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         324718      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         135808      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         175318      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         204090      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          93890      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1341412      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23796177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090570                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.496733                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19990035                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       800709                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2628368                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1277                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       375786                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       351932                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     15491049                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       375786                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20010678                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         64514                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       679339                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2608977                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        56876                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     15396328                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        39491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     21501007                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     71592098                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     71592098                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17972725                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3528277                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3700                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1918                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          199526                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1443085                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       754206                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8322                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       169065                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15031761                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3715                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14414476                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14914                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1835854                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3746791                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23796177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17689774     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2783233     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139206      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       639543      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       864242      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266717      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       261707      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140633      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11122      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23796177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99545     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13571     10.77%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12896     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12142862     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196919      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1782      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1321343      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       751570      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14414476                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.565009                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126012                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008742                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52766055                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16871419                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14038251                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14540488                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10473                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       274853                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           92                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11781                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       375786                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         49298                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6413                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15035482                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11668                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1443085                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       754206                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1918                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5584                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           92                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124625                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119272                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       243897                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14163386                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1299858                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251090                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2051310                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2003021                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           751452                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.555167                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14038363                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14038251                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8409397                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        22584986                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.550262                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372345                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10456316                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12884632                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2150897                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       213084                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23420391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17966628     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2764255     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003740      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499318      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457130      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192436      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190181      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90467      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256236      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23420391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10456316                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12884632                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1910654                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1168229                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1867635                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11600302                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       266061                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       256236                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           38199606                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          30446865                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                307020                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1715759                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10456316                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12884632                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10456316                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.439859                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.439859                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.409860                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.409860                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       63725518                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      19614787                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      14325792                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3594                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25511936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1987969                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1793288                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106423                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       739539                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         707861                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109454                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4649                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21045372                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12508129                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1987969                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       817315                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2472353                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        335590                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       480146                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1210167                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106768                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     24224435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21752082     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          88441      0.37%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         179895      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          75225      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         410113      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         365068      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          70250      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         148410      0.61%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1134951      4.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     24224435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077923                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.490285                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20927551                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       599575                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2463328                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         7659                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       226317                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       174879                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14670124                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1506                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       226317                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20949373                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        421962                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       110783                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2450557                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        65436                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14661567                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        27316                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        24081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          420                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17223391                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     69054033                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     69054033                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15231920                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1991453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1714                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          873                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          169202                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3455583                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1745593                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15771                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        85438                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14629726                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1720                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14049346                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7647                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1159514                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2794559                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24224435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19237000     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1489516      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1226709      5.06%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       529784      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       673372      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650926      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369346      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29390      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18392      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24224435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35664     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       277204     86.38%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8048      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8818323     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122781      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3366095     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1741307     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14049346                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.550697                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320916                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022842                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52651685                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15791324                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13926337                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14370262                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25058                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       139176                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          365                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11592                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1244                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       226317                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        385553                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18126                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14631458                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          163                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3455583                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1745593                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          874                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12391                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          365                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60630                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63654                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       124284                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13948910                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3353919                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100431                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            5095062                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1826446                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1741143                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.546760                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13926882                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13926337                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7524796                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14837349                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.545875                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507152                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11303805                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13283702                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1349208                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1695                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       108516                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23998118                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19183089     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1756100      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       824109      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       814759      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221597      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       948351      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71060      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51820      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127233      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23998118                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11303805                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13283702                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              5050393                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3316397                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1753898                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11812704                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       128662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       127233                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           38503756                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          29492195                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                463129                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1287501                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11303805                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13283702                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11303805                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.256933                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.256933                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443079                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443079                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       68947965                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16178589                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      17452672                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1692                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25511936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1987239                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1792662                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106931                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       745513                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         707050                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109557                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4640                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21047822                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12504850                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1987239                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       816607                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2470868                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        336597                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       478719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1210761                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107290                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     24224467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21753599     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          87493      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         180072      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          75276      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         409302      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         365037      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          70264      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         149369      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1134055      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     24224467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077894                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.490157                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20928974                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       599175                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2461766                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         7738                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       226809                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       174715                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14665838                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1520                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       226809                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20951778                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        420973                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       109588                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2448129                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        67183                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14657115                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        27418                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        24963                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          330                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     17223503                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     69030312                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     69030312                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     15226368                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1997112                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1748                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          908                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          174719                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3452830                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1744312                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15983                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        85674                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14626295                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1755                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14047106                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7696                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1157936                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2787466                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24224467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19237152     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1489992      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1226958      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       529782      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       672840      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649993      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       370166      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29141      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18443      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24224467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35693     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       277076     86.38%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7993      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8819807     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122795      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3363536     23.94%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1740128     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14047106                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.550609                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320762                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52647133                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15786356                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13923635                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14367868                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25533                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138840                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          371                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1243                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       226809                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        384272                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18105                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14628064                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3452830                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1744312                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          908                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12370                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          371                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61246                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63816                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       125062                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13946221                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3351771                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100881                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            5091739                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1826115                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1739968                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.546655                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13924148                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13923635                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7523565                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        14836832                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.545769                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507087                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11298495                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     13277666                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1351739                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1696                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       109022                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23997658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19183544     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1756621      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       824347      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       814480      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221035      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       947402      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71187      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51697      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127345      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23997658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11298495                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     13277666                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              5046773                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             3313981                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1753173                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11807393                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       128662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       127345                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           38499679                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29485679                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                463487                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1287469                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11298495                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            13277666                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11298495                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.257994                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.257994                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.442871                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.442871                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       68928964                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16180836                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      17446022                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1694                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25511936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2107126                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1724138                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207060                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       865651                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         827964                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217562                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9424                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20274771                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11784217                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2107126                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1045526                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2459646                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        566781                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       465152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1241757                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207139                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23556604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21096958     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         114775      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         182440      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         246588      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         253054      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         214625      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         119982      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         178229      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1149953      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23556604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082594                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461910                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20069985                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       671970                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2455071                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2806                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       356770                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       346540                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14458669                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1548                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       356770                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20125530                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        137017                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       409301                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2403078                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       124906                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14452254                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        16883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        54503                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     20166299                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     67233844                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     67233844                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17457367                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2708925                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3585                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          377199                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1353968                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       732586                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8574                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       228762                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14432718                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3597                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13697300                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1998                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1610858                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3868350                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23556604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17719205     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2433608     10.33%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1222957      5.19%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       894603      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       707263      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288996      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182337      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95165      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12470      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23556604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2810     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8421     37.03%     49.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11508     50.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11518616     84.09%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204521      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1717      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1242368      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       730078      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13697300                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536898                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22739                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50975938                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16047230                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13489381                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13720039                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27664                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219505                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10849                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       356770                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        108912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12223                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14436344                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5868                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1353968                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       732586                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1868                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10343                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119840                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116439                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       236279                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13506659                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1168469                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190638                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1898482                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1918908                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           730013                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.529425                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13489527                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13489381                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7744332                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20868522                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528748                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371101                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10177170                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12523412                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1912929                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3465                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       209442                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23199834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18026771     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2581458     11.13%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       958781      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458392      1.98%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       407337      1.76%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222646      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180419      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88116      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       275914      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23199834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10177170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12523412                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1856195                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1134461                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1728                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1806061                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11283407                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       257953                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       275914                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37360183                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29229478                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                308628                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1955332                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10177170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12523412                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10177170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.506781                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.506781                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398918                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398918                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60790995                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18789418                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13403380                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3462                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25511936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2070551                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1697756                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205610                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854908                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808958                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212469                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9114                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19819474                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11784238                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2070551                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1021427                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2592331                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        584004                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       664367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1223341                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204200                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23451263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20858932     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         280389      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         324307      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         178524      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         207710      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         112623      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          77070      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         200680      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1211028      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23451263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081160                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461911                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19656394                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       830829                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2571481                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19614                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       372939                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       335837                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2152                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14387574                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        11353                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       372939                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19687133                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        229346                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       515527                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2561574                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        84738                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14378139                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        21176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        40196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19979075                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     66960231                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     66960231                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17027081                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2951991                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3860                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          230236                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1375708                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       748317                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19667                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       165345                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14354686                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3862                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13554920                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18149                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1814438                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4212274                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          519                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23451263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17740081     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2297508      9.80%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233808      5.26%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853920      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747346      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       382117      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91926      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59945      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44612      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23451263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3288     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12924     43.75%     54.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13327     45.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11344421     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212125      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1254534      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       742182      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13554920                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.531317                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29539                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50608791                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16173115                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13326483                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13584459                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246866                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17717                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       372939                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        181920                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13337                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14358570                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5925                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1375708                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748317                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2193                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9392                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118575                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115766                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       234341                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13351821                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1177202                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203099                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1919146                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1867074                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           741944                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523356                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13326749                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13326483                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7923871                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20759451                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522363                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381699                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000892                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12269798                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2088897                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       206678                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23078324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18066330     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2323798     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974788      4.22%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584325      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405372      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261588      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136778      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109407      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215938      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23078324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10000892                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12269798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1859441                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1128841                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1755932                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11061839                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       249636                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       215938                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37221016                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29090346                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                306879                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2060673                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10000892                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12269798                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10000892                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.550966                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.550966                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.392008                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.392008                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60234504                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18496047                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13424920                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25511936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1987924                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1793310                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106366                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       747473                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         708101                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109483                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4688                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21053070                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12508648                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1987924                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       817584                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2472557                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        334497                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       484574                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1210589                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106718                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     24235725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21763168     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          88211      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         180708      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          75079      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         409927      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         365332      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          70315      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         148346      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1134639      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     24235725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077921                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.490306                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20935239                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       604001                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2463437                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         7770                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       225273                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       174742                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          251                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14669239                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1541                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       225273                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20957138                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        427655                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       109560                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2450728                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        65364                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14660513                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        27501                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        23988                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          331                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     17222299                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     69048790                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     69048790                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15241663                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        1980590                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1747                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          905                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          169344                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      3456082                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      1746719                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15781                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        85428                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14628657                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1755                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14053916                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7614                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1148194                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2765037                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           55                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24235725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19245023     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1490671      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1229014      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       530364      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       672308      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       651131      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369653      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29168      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18393      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24235725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35663     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       277357     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8023      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8819323     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122922      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          841      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3368260     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1742570     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14053916                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.550876                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            321043                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52672210                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15778964                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13932007                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14374959                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25750                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       137217                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          359                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11428                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1246                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       225273                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        390759                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18179                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14630431                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          156                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3456082                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1746719                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          906                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12385                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          359                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61030                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63480                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       124510                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13954581                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3356707                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99331                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            5099108                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1827797                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          1742401                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.546982                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13932534                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13932007                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7527189                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        14835330                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.546098                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507383                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11311411                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     13292491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1339204                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1700                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       108464                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24010452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19191838     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1757126      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       825339      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       815646      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221611      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       948705      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71028      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51660      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127499      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24010452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11311411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     13292491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              5054153                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             3318862                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               848                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1754976                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11820531                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       128715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       127499                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           38514609                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29488726                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                463230                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1276211                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11311411                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            13292491                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11311411                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.255416                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.255416                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.443377                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.443377                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       68978243                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16184739                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      17457178                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1698                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          36839                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.747966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1375604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          69603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          19.763573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           238.974046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    18.582887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   843.886338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    20.992876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1363.438066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.531440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   604.254289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.255719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1227.233846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.595132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   603.953972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    16.052493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   841.596797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    16.626027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   846.488883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    22.500083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   609.066397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    20.117122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1220.073659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    18.226515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   823.408786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    21.541509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   494.354895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    20.690855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1361.434892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    20.994077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1360.927231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    20.233751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   577.326190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.755914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   862.961151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    21.555175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1355.663840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1083.367058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1209.204680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           855.612610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1276.397094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           850.802081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1165.646247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1155.646620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           855.040240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1270.939777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1182.327696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           722.771583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1180.226012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1188.572008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           893.640071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1084.893174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1226.366158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.025753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.041609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.018440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.037452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.018431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.025683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.025833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.018587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.037234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.025128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.015087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.041548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.041532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.017619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.026335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.041372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.033062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.036902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.026111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.038953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.025964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.035573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.035268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.026094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.038786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.036082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.022057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.036018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.036272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.027272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.033108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.037426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   59219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            17746                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 17746                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   193                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    59412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3725                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4899                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2672                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2677                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3507                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3496                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2609                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3673                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4938                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   59412                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 36821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  36832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1968                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3282                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1466                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3026                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2061                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2065                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3020                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2034                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1183                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3302                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3277                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1410                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3256                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 36832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5213884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    295432116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5730472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    499753266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5992345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    220759977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5412065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    457268215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6046325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    221268573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3961264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    311116934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4020339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    312563289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5913426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    221949186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5675675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    457047495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4367727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    307221794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4618840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179474090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5093889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    500972460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5431658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    496738869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5996129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    212700253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5055200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    302128435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5806311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    496189628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5576920129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       298736                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       158060                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       149552                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       589008                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       131054                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       283897                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1610307                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5213884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    295730852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5730472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    499753266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5992345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    220759977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5412065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    457268215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6046325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    221268573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3961264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    311274994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4020339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    312712841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5913426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    221949186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5675675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    457047495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4367727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    307221794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4618840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179474090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5093889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    501561468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5431658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    496869923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5996129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    212700253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5055200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    302412332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5806311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    496189628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5578530436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5213884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    295730852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5730472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    499753266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5992345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    220759977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5412065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    457268215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6046325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    221268573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3961264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    311274994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4020339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    312712841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5913426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    221949186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5675675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    457047495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4367727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    307221794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4618840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179474090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5093889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    501561468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5431658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    496869923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5996129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    212700253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5055200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    302412332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5806311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    496189628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5578530436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               96040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17746                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             17746                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               204                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                96244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               96244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.346371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.401615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.355825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.416117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.354682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.370370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.371557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.356484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.416609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.941176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.313377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.404117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.401717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.341570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.397801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.383392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.444444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.053922                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.401173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.415260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.353225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.370151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.371336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.355018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.415749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.941176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.311973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.404162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.401396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.352433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.397364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.382694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.401173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.415260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.353225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.370151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.371336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.355018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.415749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.941176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.311973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.404162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.401396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.352433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.397364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.382694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148968.114286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150270.659207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154877.621622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152270.952468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157693.289474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150586.614598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150335.138889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151113.091540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163414.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151346.493160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146713.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151027.637864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148901.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151435.702035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155616.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151191.543597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153396.621622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151340.230132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150611.275862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151043.163225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 144338.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151710.980558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149820.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151901.898120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150879.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151629.691392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157792.868421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150851.243262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148682.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151291.154231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152797.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152392.391892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151460.311480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       149368                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       158060                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       149552                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       147252                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       131054                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 141948.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146391.545455                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148968.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150269.741870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154877.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152270.952468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157693.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150586.614598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150335.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151113.091540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163414.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151346.493160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146713.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151031.049976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148901.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151434.789831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155616.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151191.543597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153396.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151340.230132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150611.275862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151043.163225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 144338.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151710.980558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149820.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151896.265294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150879.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151623.412572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157792.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150851.243262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148682.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151281.806903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152797.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152392.391892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151458.797676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148968.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150269.741870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154877.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152270.952468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157693.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150586.614598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150335.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151113.091540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163414.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151346.493160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146713.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151031.049976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148901.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151434.789831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155616.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151191.543597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153396.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151340.230132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150611.275862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151043.163225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 144338.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151710.980558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149820.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151896.265294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150879.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151623.412572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157792.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150851.243262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148682.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151281.806903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152797.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152392.391892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151458.797676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9465                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9465                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            36821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             36832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            36832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3176370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    180950943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3579441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    308749601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3787226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    135397447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3316855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    281042856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3898182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    136155441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2390362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    191125684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2449922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    192433540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3705520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    136476712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3522837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    281231043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2680949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    188730041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2755202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110585610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3117775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    309014894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3337872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    306034540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3789380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    130603949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3073662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185830573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3598346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    306618107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3433160882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       183007                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       100121                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        91364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       355964                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        72754                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       166922                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       970132                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3176370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    181133950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3579441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    308749601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3787226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    135397447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3316855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    281042856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3898182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    136155441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2390362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    191225805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2449922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    192524904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3705520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    136476712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3522837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    281231043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2680949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    188730041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2755202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110585610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3117775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    309370858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3337872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    306107294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3789380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    130603949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3073662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185997495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3598346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    306618107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3434131014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3176370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    181133950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3579441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    308749601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3787226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    135397447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3316855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    281042856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3898182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    136155441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2390362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    191225805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2449922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    192524904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3705520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    136476712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3522837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    281231043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2680949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    188730041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2755202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110585610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3117775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    309370858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3337872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    306107294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3789380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    130603949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3073662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185997495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3598346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    306618107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3434131014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.346371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.401615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.355825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.416117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.354682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.370370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.371557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.356484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.416609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.313377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.404117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.401717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.341570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.397801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.383392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.401173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.415260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.353225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.370151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.371336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.355018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.415749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.311973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.404162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.401396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.352433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.397364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.382694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.401173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.415260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.353225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.370151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.371336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.355018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.415749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.311973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.404162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.401396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.352433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.397364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.382694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90753.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92040.154120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96741.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94073.613955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99663.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92358.422237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92134.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92876.026438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 105356.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93129.576607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 88531.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92779.458252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90737.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93233.304264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97513.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92967.787466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95211.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93122.861921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92446.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92787.630777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 86100.062500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93478.960270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91699.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93697.663432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92718.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93417.136752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99720.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92626.914184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90401.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93054.868803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94693.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94170.180283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93239.208115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91503.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       100121                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        91364                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        88991                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        72754                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        83461                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88193.818182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90753.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92039.608740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96741.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94073.613955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99663.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92358.422237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92134.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92876.026438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 105356.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93129.576607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 88531.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92783.020378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90737.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93232.399031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97513.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92967.787466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95211.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93122.861921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92446.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92787.630777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 86100.062500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93478.960270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91699.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93691.961841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92718.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93410.831248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99720.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92626.914184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90401.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93045.270135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94693.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94170.180283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93237.701292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90753.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92039.608740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96741.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94073.613955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99663.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92358.422237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92134.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92876.026438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 105356.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93129.576607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 88531.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92783.020378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90737.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93232.399031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97513.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92967.787466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95211.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93122.861921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92446.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92787.630777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 86100.062500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93478.960270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91699.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93691.961841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92718.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93410.831248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99720.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92626.914184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90401.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93045.270135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94693.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94170.180283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93237.701292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              511.680302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001231147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1932878.662162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    29.680302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.047565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1223055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1223055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7142364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7142364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7142364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7142364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7142364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7142364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155268.782609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155268.782609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155268.782609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155268.782609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155268.782609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155268.782609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5682954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5682954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5682954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5682954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5682954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5682954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157859.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157859.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157859.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157859.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157859.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157859.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5693                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158371716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26621.569339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.287968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.712032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.880031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.119969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       857548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        857548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726500                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726500                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1584048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1584048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1584048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1584048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19819                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19819                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2422664348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2422664348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     54716403                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     54716403                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2477380751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2477380751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2477380751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2477380751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       876913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       876913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1603867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1603867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1603867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1603867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125105.311025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125105.311025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120520.711454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120520.711454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125000.290176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125000.290176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125000.290176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125000.290176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1972                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1972                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    568440013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    568440013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1315627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1315627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    569755640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    569755640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    569755640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    569755640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100147.993834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100147.993834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 77389.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77389.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100080.035131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100080.035131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100080.035131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100080.035131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              572.699185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1030793475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1774171.213425                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.338048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.361137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.050221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1210694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1210694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1210694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1210694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1210694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7999933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7999933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7999933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7999933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7999933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7999933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1210741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1210741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1210741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170211.340426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170211.340426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170211.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170211.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170211.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170211.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6686452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6686452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6686452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6686452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6686452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6686452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175959.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175959.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175959.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175959.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175959.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175959.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 8181                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              406444350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 8437                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             48174.036980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.097085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.902915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.433973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.566027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3165689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3165689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1732688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1732688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          882                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          882                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4898377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        4898377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4898377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       4898377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        28878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        28878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3353769506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3353769506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2465068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2465068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3356234574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3356234574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3356234574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3356234574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3194538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3194538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1732717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1732717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          882                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          882                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4927255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4927255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4927255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4927255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 116252.539291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116252.539291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85002.344828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85002.344828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 116221.157075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116221.157075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 116221.157075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116221.157075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20697                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20697                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    877929247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    877929247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       634810                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       634810                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    878564057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    878564057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    878564057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    878564057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107431.381180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107431.381180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 70534.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70534.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107390.790490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107390.790490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107390.790490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107390.790490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              508.202449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              999936867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1941624.984466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.202449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.053209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1241032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1241032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1241032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1241032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1241032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9670553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9670553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9670553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9670553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9670553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9670553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1241082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1241082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1241082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 193411.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193411.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 193411.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 193411.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 193411.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 193411.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7864744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7864744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7864744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7864744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7864744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7864744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 196618.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196618.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 196618.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196618.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 196618.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196618.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4138                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              152470831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             34699.779472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   223.257162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    32.742838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.872098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.127902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       854147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        854147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       717490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       717490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1571637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1571637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1571637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1571637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        13274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        13274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1573611309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1573611309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8725531                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8725531                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1582336840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1582336840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1582336840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1582336840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       867320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       867320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       717591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       717591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1584911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1584911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1584911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1584911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119457.322478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119457.322478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86391.396040                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86391.396040                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119205.728492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119205.728492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119205.728492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119205.728492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    415830027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    415830027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1241498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1241498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    417071525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    417071525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    417071525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    417071525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100929.618204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100929.618204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 68972.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68972.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100790.605365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100790.605365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100790.605365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100790.605365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.264781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1005694405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1908338.529412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    28.264781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.045296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1236360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1236360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1236360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1236360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1236360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1236360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7317950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7317950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7317950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7317950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7317950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7317950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1236406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1236406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1236406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1236406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1236406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1236406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159085.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159085.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159085.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159085.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159085.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159085.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5994934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5994934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5994934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5994934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5994934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5994934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162025.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162025.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162025.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162025.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162025.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162025.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 7287                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              167228163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 7543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             22169.980512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   227.560192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    28.439808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.888907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.111093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       856230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        856230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       708262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       708262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1955                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1955                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1564492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1564492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1564492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1564492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        18718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        18718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2210108403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2210108403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7337584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7337584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2217445987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2217445987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2217445987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2217445987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       874860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       874860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       708350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       708350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1955                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1955                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1583210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1583210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118631.690982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118631.690982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83381.636364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83381.636364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118465.967892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118465.967892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118465.967892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118465.967892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        11358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        11431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        11431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    775293466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    775293466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       993998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       993998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    776287464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    776287464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    776287464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    776287464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106613.512926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106613.512926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 66266.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66266.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106530.460272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106530.460272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106530.460272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106530.460272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              509.158257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              999936957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1941625.159223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    34.158257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.054741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1241122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1241122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9605775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9605775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9605775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9605775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9605775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9605775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 204378.191489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 204378.191489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 204378.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 204378.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 204378.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 204378.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8220983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8220983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8220983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8220983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8220983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8220983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 205524.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205524.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 205524.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205524.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 205524.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205524.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              152470378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             34691.781115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   223.258153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    32.741847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.872102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.127898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       853670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        853670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       717514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       717514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1571184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1571184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1571184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1571184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        13282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        13282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1580086061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1580086061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8360672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8360672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1588446733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1588446733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1588446733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1588446733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       866855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       717611                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       717611                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1584466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1584466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1584466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1584466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119839.670914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119839.670914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 86192.494845                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86192.494845                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119593.941650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119593.941650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119593.941650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119593.941650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9143                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9143                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    417223337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    417223337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1174257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1174257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    418397594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    418397594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    418397594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    418397594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101218.664968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101218.664968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 69073.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69073.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101086.637835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101086.637835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101086.637835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101086.637835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              548.434480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              919936585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1657543.396396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.104657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.329824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.035424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1239402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1239402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1239402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1239402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1239402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5165433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5165433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5165433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5165433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5165433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5165433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1239437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1239437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1239437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 147583.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147583.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 147583.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147583.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 147583.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147583.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4341982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4341982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4341982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4341982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4341982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4341982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155070.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155070.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155070.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155070.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155070.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155070.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              205258706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35243.596497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   193.168951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    62.831049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.754566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.245434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1850489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       337081                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       337081                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          790                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          790                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2187570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2187570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2187570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2187570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2129788448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2129788448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2857161                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2857161                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2132645609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2132645609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2132645609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2132645609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1869953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1869953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       337111                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       337111                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          790                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2207064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2207064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2207064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2207064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109421.930127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109421.930127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95238.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95238.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109400.103057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109400.103057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109400.103057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109400.103057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    569166986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    569166986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       523468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       523468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    569690454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    569690454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    569690454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    569690454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102331.353110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102331.353110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87244.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87244.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102315.095905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102315.095905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102315.095905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102315.095905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              548.440696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              919936715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1657543.630631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.110191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.330505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.035433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1239532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1239532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1239532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1239532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1239532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5118573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5118573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5118573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5118573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5118573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5118573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1239566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1239566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1239566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150546.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150546.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150546.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150546.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150546.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150546.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4354808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4354808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4354808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4354808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4354808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4354808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155528.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155528.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155528.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155528.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155528.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155528.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5560                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              205256403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5816                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35291.678645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   192.039453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    63.960547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.750154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.249846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1848560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1848560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2185267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2185267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2185267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2185267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        19505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        19505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2138331825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2138331825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2698788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2698788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2141030613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2141030613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2141030613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2141030613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1868035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1868035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2204772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2204772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2204772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2204772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109798.810013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109798.810013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89959.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89959.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109768.295975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109768.295975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109768.295975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109768.295975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    570235439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    570235439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       531927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       531927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    570767366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    570767366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    570767366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    570767366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102652.644284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102652.644284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 88654.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88654.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102637.541090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102637.541090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102637.541090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102637.541090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              509.384640                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              999937055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1937862.509690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.384640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.055104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1241220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1241220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1241220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1241220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1241220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9971966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9971966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9971966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9971966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9971966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9971966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1241270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1241270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1241270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 199439.320000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 199439.320000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 199439.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 199439.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 199439.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 199439.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8467575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8467575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8467575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8467575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8467575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8467575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 206526.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206526.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 206526.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206526.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 206526.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206526.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4134                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              152470221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             34731.257631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   223.256407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    32.743593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.872095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.127905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       854000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        854000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       717054                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       717054                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1571054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1571054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1571054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1571054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        13346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        13346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1582674212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1582674212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8075655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8075655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1590749867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1590749867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1590749867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1590749867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       867250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       867250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       717150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       717150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1584400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1584400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1584400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1584400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119447.110340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119447.110340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84121.406250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84121.406250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119193.006669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119193.006669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119193.006669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119193.006669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    416662215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    416662215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1178866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1178866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    417841081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    417841081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    417841081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    417841081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101180.722438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101180.722438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69345.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69345.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101049.838210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101049.838210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101049.838210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101049.838210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.326289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1005694658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1904724.731061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    27.326289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.043792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1236613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1236613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1236613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1236613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1236613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1236613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7425567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7425567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7425567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7425567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7425567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7425567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1236659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1236659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1236659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1236659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1236659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1236659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161425.369565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161425.369565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161425.369565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161425.369565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161425.369565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161425.369565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6231404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6231404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6231404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6231404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6231404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6231404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163984.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163984.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163984.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163984.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163984.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163984.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7264                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              167228472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             22237.828723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   227.539020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    28.460980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.888824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.111176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       856782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        856782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       708056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       708056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1918                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1918                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1564838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1564838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1564838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1564838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2218013154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2218013154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7335218                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7335218                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2225348372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2225348372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2225348372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2225348372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       875390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       875390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       708147                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       708147                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1918                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1918                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1583537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1583537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119196.751612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119196.751612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 80606.791209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80606.791209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119008.950853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119008.950853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119008.950853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119008.950853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          892                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             892                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    773575319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    773575319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       971312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    774546631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    774546631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    774546631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    774546631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106714.763278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106714.763278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64754.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64754.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106628.115501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106628.115501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106628.115501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106628.115501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              548.892443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              919937121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1651592.676840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.561438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.331006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.036156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1239938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1239938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1239938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1239938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1239938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5702710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5702710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5702710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5702710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5702710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5702710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1239976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1239976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1239976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150071.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150071.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150071.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150071.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150071.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150071.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4776896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4776896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4776896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4776896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4776896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4776896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159229.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159229.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159229.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159229.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159229.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159229.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5564                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              205255259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35267.226632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   191.550540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    64.449460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.748244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.251756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1847414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1847414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2184121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2184121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2184121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2184121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2112686259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2112686259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2578749                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2578749                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2115265008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2115265008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2115265008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2115265008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1866805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1866805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2203542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2203542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2203542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2203542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108951.898252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108951.898252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85958.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85958.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108916.379589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108916.379589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108916.379589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108916.379589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          638                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             638                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13857                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13857                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    566352975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    566352975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       412575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       412575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    566765550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    566765550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    566765550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    566765550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101898.700072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101898.700072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 68762.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68762.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101862.967290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101862.967290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101862.967290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101862.967290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              485.959807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1003039098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2051204.699387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.959807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.049615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.778782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1250140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1250140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1250140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1250140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1250140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1250140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6507948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6507948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6507948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6507948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6507948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6507948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1250184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1250184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1250184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1250184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1250184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1250184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147907.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147907.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147907.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147907.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147907.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147907.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5071809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5071809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5071809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5071809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5071809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5071809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149170.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149170.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149170.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149170.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149170.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149170.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 3792                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148775128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             36752.749012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   219.911650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    36.088350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.859030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.140970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       995781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       738706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       738706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1734487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1734487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1734487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1734487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         9706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         9706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1019054718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1019054718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6707201                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6707201                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1025761919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1025761919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1025761919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1025761919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1005401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1005401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       738792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       738792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1744193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1744193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1744193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1744193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105930.843867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105930.843867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 77990.709302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77990.709302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105683.280342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105683.280342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105683.280342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105683.280342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    365800355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    365800355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1209315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1209315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    367009670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    367009670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    367009670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    367009670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 96900.756291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96900.756291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 71136.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71136.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 96785.250527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96785.250527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 96785.250527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96785.250527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              571.384394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1030792905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1783378.728374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.023682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.360712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.048115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1210124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1210124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1210124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1210124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1210124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7402599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7402599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7402599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7402599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7402599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7402599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1210167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1210167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1210167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172153.465116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172153.465116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172153.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172153.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172153.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172153.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5994057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5994057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5994057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5994057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5994057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5994057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171258.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171258.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171258.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171258.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171258.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171258.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 8170                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              406443531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             48236.830169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.096293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.903707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.433970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.566030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3165341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3165341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1732247                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1732247                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          853                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          853                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4897588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4897588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4897588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4897588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        28823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        28823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3362970559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3362970559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3820447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3820447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3366791006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3366791006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3366791006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3366791006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3194134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3194134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1732277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1732277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          853                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          853                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4926411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4926411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4926411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4926411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116798.199528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116798.199528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 127348.233333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127348.233333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116809.180377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116809.180377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116809.180377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116809.180377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1433                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1433                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20653                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20653                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    878778446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    878778446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1008027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1008027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    879786473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    879786473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    879786473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    879786473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107680.240902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107680.240902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       112003                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       112003                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107685.002815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107685.002815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107685.002815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107685.002815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              571.875964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1030793494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1777230.162069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    30.514614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.361350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.048902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.867566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1210713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1210713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1210713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1210713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1210713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7670704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7670704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7670704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7670704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7670704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7670704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1210761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1210761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1210761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159806.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159806.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159806.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159806.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159806.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159806.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6030971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6030971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6030971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6030971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6030971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6030971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162999.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162999.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162999.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162999.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162999.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162999.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 8164                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              406439630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 8420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             48270.739905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.093344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.906656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.433958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.566042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3162602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3162602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1731044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1731044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          893                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          893                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4893646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4893646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4893646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4893646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        28893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        28893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3356406557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3356406557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2734194                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2734194                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3359140751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3359140751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3359140751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3359140751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3191467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3191467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1731072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1731072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          893                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          893                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4922539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4922539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4922539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4922539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 116279.458063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116279.458063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97649.785714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97649.785714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 116261.404181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116261.404181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 116261.404181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116261.404181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1479                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1479                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    872473658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    872473658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       740192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       740192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    873213850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    873213850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    873213850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    873213850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106986.346781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106986.346781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 82243.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82243.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106959.070309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106959.070309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106959.070309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106959.070309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              509.542966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              999937545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1937863.459302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    34.542966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.055357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1241710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1241710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1241710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1241710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1241710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9916475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9916475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9916475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9916475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9916475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9916475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1241757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1241757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1241757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 210988.829787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210988.829787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 210988.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 210988.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 210988.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 210988.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8606078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8606078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8606078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8606078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8606078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8606078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 209904.341463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209904.341463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 209904.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209904.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 209904.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209904.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4145                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              152472594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             34644.988412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   223.275135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    32.724865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.872168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.127832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       855079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        855079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       718318                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       718318                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1731                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1731                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1573397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1573397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1573397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1573397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        13326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        13326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1562964763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1562964763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7863186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7863186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1570827949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1570827949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1570827949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1570827949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       868310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       868310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       718413                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       718413                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1731                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1731                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1586723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1586723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1586723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1586723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 118128.997279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118128.997279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82770.378947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82770.378947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117876.928486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117876.928486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117876.928486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117876.928486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9181                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9181                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    410609431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    410609431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1187781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1187781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    411797212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    411797212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    411797212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    411797212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99469.338905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99469.338905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69869.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69869.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99347.940169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99347.940169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99347.940169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99347.940169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              510.773318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001231389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1936617.773694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    28.773318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.046111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1223297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1223297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1223297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1223297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1223297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6790729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6790729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6790729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6790729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6790729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6790729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1223341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1223341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1223341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154334.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154334.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154334.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154334.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154334.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154334.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5552596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5552596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5552596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5552596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5552596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5552596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158645.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158645.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158645.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158645.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158645.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158645.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5672                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              158373960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             26716.255061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   225.288742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    30.711258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.880034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.119966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       859709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       726553                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726553                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1768                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1768                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1586262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1586262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1586262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1586262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2416273081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2416273081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     51614015                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51614015                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2467887096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2467887096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2467887096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2467887096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       879001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       727009                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727009                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1768                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1768                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1606010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1606010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1606010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1606010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125247.412451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125247.412451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113188.629386                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113188.629386                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124968.963743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124968.963743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124968.963743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124968.963743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14076                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14076                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    571567733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    571567733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1322412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1322412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    572890145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    572890145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    572890145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    572890145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101072.985500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101072.985500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 77788.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77788.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101003.199048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101003.199048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101003.199048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101003.199048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              573.524038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1030793323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1771122.548110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.783363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.740675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.050935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.868174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.919109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1210542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1210542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1210542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1210542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1210542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8455953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8455953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8455953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8455953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8455953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8455953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1210589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1210589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1210589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179913.893617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179913.893617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179913.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179913.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179913.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179913.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7164409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7164409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7164409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7164409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7164409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7164409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 183702.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183702.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 183702.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183702.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 183702.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183702.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 8194                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              406446669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 8450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             48100.197515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.087700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.912300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.433936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.566064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3167151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3167151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1733538                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1733538                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          849                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          849                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4900689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        4900689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4900689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       4900689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        29022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        29022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3376251357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3376251357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2451640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2451640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3378702997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3378702997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3378702997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3378702997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3196143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3196143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1733568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1733568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          849                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          849                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4929711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4929711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4929711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4929711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116454.585989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116454.585989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 81721.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81721.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116418.682276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116418.682276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116418.682276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116418.682276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    876637331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    876637331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       632866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       632866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    877270197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    877270197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    877270197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    877270197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107102.911546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107102.911546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 70318.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70318.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107062.508787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107062.508787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107062.508787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107062.508787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
