
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010467                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10466692911                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538242069456                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 411923                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   524106                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 268341                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67615448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39005.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16067183159                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20442884339                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       177664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       245120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       416640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       260864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       150272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       256000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       149888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       157184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       257408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       426240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       423168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       246528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       142336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       244096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       355712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       419200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4398464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1262336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1262336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 34363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9862                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9862                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       464712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     16974225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       317961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23419050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       452483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     39806270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       428024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     24923250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       440254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     14357161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       415795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24458537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       428024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     14320474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       415795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     15017542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       403566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     24593059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       452483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     40723465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       452483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     40429962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       342420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23553572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       428024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13598947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       379107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23321215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       452483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     33985138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       428024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     40050855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               420234360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       464712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       317961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       452483                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       428024                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       440254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       415795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       428024                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       415795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       403566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       452483                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       452483                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       342420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       428024                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       379107                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       452483                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       428024                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6701639                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         120605048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              120605048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         120605048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       464712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     16974225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       317961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23419050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       452483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     39806270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       428024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     24923250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       440254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     14357161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       415795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24458537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       428024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     14320474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       415795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     15017542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       403566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     24593059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       452483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     40723465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       452483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     40429962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       342420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23553572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       428024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13598947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       379107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23321215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       452483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     33985138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       428024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     40050855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              540839408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25099984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2068689                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692634                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204218                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       870068                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814503                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214128                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9280                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19951252                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11559088                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2068689                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1028631                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2413467                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        556630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       453596                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1221795                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204258                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23168096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20754629     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112439      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         178569      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         241559      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         248979      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         210732      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         118880      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         176326      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1125983      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23168096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082418                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460522                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19750301                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       656531                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2409050                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2687                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       349522                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340225                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14186345                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1511                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       349522                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19804339                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        132112                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       401202                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2358480                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       122436                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14180709                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        16371                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53503                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19789103                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     65965543                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     65965543                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153382                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2635697                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3539                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1851                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          369073                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1330373                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       718875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8404                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       212570                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14163972                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3549                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13454174                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1971                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1563681                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3737638                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23168096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17440942     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2382977     10.29%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199943      5.18%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879702      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       695040      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283703      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179643      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93496      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12650      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23168096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2547     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8241     36.47%     47.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11811     52.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11314744     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200073      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221302      9.08%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716368      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13454174                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.536023                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22599                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001680                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50101009                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15731260                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13248106                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13476773                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26956                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215821                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9824                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       349522                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        105246                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11950                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14167541                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1713                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1330373                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1852                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10067                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118803                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       232954                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13264885                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147903                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189284                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1864207                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885043                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716304                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528482                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13248216                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13248106                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7605206                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20493446                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527813                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371104                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305288                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1862243                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3399                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206548                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22818574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17742656     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2529170     11.08%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943041      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       449778      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396940      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218778      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180178      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86280      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271753      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22818574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823600                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114549                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774540                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086900                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       271753                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36714287                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28684618                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304154                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1931888                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305288                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.509998                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.509998                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398407                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398407                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59705561                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18454834                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13148963                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25099973                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1899061                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699518                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153065                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1285436                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1251883                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111280                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4553                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20160419                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10799248                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1899061                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1363163                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2407633                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        504019                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       296704                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1220768                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149930                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23214879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20807246     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         371201      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         182704      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         366102      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         113253      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         340778      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          52274      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          85277      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         896044      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23214879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075660                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.430249                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19920239                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       541757                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2402718                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1980                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       348184                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       175508                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1940                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12049112                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4576                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       348184                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19947593                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        322397                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       136806                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2377286                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        82606                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12030820                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         9276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        66163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     15731038                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     54478839                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     54478839                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     12711790                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3019114                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1577                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          801                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          178190                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2202440                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       344294                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3180                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        78029                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         11967231                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1581                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        11190253                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7348                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2193081                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4516900                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23214879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18305730     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1533100      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1659094      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       957267      4.12%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       488574      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122724      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142239      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3394      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2757      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23214879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18460     57.41%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7530     23.42%     80.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6163     19.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8754986     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85680      0.77%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          777      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2007884     17.94%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340926      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     11190253                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.445827                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32153                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45634886                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14161925                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10902639                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     11222406                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8579                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       455037                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8902                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       348184                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        215157                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10116                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11968820                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          863                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2202440                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344294                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          799                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4040                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          196                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103116                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58708                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       161824                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11048754                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1978806                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141499                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2319687                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1681219                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           340881                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.440190                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             10905461                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            10902639                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6603908                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14264725                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.434369                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.462954                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8691314                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      9758337                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2210887                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1566                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       151932                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22866695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19247555     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1412108      6.18%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916063      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286995      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       483182      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92025      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58380      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53111      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317276      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22866695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8691314                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      9758337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2082773                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1747392                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1499333                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         8520098                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       119398                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       317276                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           34518617                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          24286987                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                452439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1885094                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8691314                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             9758337                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8691314                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.887938                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.887938                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.346268                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.346268                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       51403919                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      14176520                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12841327                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25099984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1956500                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1765114                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       104880                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       733565                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         696292                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107612                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4593                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20711732                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12306426                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1956500                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       803904                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2431460                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        330420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       479521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1190992                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105181                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23845690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21414230     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          86049      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         177202      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          73677      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         403084      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         359295      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          69430      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         146857      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1115866      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23845690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077948                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.490296                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20593711                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       599121                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2422238                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         7886                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       222729                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       171877                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          248                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14432431                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1516                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       222729                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20616128                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        423561                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       107556                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2409182                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        66527                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14423838                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        27372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        24522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          324                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     16947710                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     67930417                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     67930417                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     14986644                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        1961061                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1684                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          854                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          171191                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3398989                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1717198                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15633                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        83930                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14392342                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1690                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13822090                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7688                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1136532                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2743018                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23845690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18937566     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467546      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1207057      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       520629      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661897      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639808      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       364620      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28341      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18226      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23845690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35019     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272676     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7882      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8676579     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120698      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          827      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3311118     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1712868     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13822090                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.550681                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315577                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51813135                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15530921                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13701289                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14137667                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24809                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136330                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          358                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11268                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1226                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       222729                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        387769                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17986                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14394053                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          191                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3398989                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1717198                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          856                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12146                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          358                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60092                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62623                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       122715                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13723455                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3299358                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98635                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            5012053                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1797291                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1712695                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.546752                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13701818                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13701289                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7402244                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14594933                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.545868                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507179                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11121723                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13069599                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1325874                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       106936                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23622960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18885011     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1728616      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       811232      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       801074      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       218109      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       932523      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69989      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50936      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125470      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23622960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11121723                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13069599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              4968589                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3262659                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1725744                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11622187                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       126588                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       125470                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37892924                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          29013741                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                455874                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1254294                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11121723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13069599                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11121723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.256843                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.256843                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.443097                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.443097                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       67831084                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      15921330                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      17170429                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1668                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25099984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2037586                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1670554                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201789                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       846666                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         794149                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209228                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9133                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19478181                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11590848                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2037586                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1003377                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2548130                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        575231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       640798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1201825                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200244                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23037307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20489177     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         276246      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         319111      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         175315      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         200858      0.87%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         111460      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          76050      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         197182      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1191908      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23037307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081179                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461787                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19314223                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       808102                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2525990                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        20933                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       368058                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       330719                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2140                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14146687                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        11229                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       368058                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19346584                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        271801                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       447675                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2515757                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        87423                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14137142                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        21322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        41313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19645687                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     65827896                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     65827896                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16733259                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2912428                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3695                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2061                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          235902                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1353069                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       736320                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19783                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       162714                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14113912                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3704                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13327594                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18763                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1788897                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4136410                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          418                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23037307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17422703     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2258254      9.80%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1213507      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       839499      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       734080      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       374533      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92189      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58626      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43916      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23037307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3415     11.74%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12490     42.93%     54.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13186     45.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11152330     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208304      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1630      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1234903      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       730427      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13327594                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530980                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29091                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002183                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49740349                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15906646                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13100745                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13356685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33457                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       243293                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          135                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17795                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       368058                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        224018                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14117640                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6349                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1353069                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       736320                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2063                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10099                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          135                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116310                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113747                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       230057                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13126340                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1158633                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201254                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1888851                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1835442                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           730218                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.522962                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13101055                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13100745                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7787202                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20395324                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521942                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9829022                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12059108                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2058655                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3286                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       202803                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22669249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17742779     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2283501     10.07%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       958493      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       574998      2.54%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398448      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       257381      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134405      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107452      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       211792      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22669249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9829022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12059108                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1828301                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1109776                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1725708                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10872010                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       245380                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       211792                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36575155                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          28603600                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                300936                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2062677                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9829022                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12059108                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9829022                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.553660                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.553660                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.391595                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.391595                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       59220641                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18180450                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13205461                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3282                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25099984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2272025                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1891887                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208388                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       890608                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830213                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244323                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9769                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19769686                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12464520                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2272025                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1074536                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2597551                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        580263                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       673099                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1229286                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199221                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23410338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029426                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20812787     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         159066      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         200274      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         320629      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         133960      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         171696      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         200916      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          91994      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1319016      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23410338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090519                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.496595                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19653639                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       800381                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2585350                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1233                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       369728                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       345358                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15234037                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1611                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       369728                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19673664                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         63661                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       681480                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2566593                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        55206                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15141482                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         8007                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        38331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21148035                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     70410584                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     70410584                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17666827                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3481200                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1959                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          194581                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1417814                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       740237                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       168719                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14780689                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3724                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14171962                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15099                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1812040                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3695972                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          192                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23410338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17405566     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2739518     11.70%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1118268      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       628264      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       849364      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       262183      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       258439      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       137777      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10959      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23410338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98342     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13119     10.57%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12658     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11939486     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193681      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1752      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1299426      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737617      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14171962                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.564620                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            124119                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008758                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51893480                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16596524                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13800469                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14296081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10341                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       269540                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           73                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10446                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       369728                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         48959                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6250                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14784418                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11192                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1417814                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       740237                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1960                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5440                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           73                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123395                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116564                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       239959                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13923588                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1277660                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       248374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2015181                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1968322                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           737521                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.554725                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13800546                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13800469                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8266437                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        22210819                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.549820                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372181                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10278380                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12665401                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2119064                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3532                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       209938                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23040610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17678131     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2717739     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       988318      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       491072      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       448810      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       188929      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186979      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89005      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251627      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23040610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10278380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12665401                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1878065                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1148274                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1835767                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11403035                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       261539                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       251627                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37573383                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29938672                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                302108                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1689646                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10278380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12665401                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10278380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.442018                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.442018                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.409497                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.409497                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       62651255                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19284624                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14088178                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3530                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25099979                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2038901                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1671465                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201235                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       837810                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         794731                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208948                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8940                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19485446                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11605715                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2038901                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1003679                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2550768                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        574851                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       648231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1202029                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199720                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23054777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20504009     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         276229      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         318988      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         175308      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         202021      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         111093      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          76183      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         197528      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1193418      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23054777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081231                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.462379                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19321231                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       815770                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2529136                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        20451                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       368188                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       331091                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2144                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14164435                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        11321                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       368188                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19353082                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        242265                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       486156                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2518892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        86185                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14154556                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        20739                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        41045                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19665608                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     65916558                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     65916558                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16748825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2916783                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3760                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2124                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          233776                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1353834                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       738037                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19577                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       163048                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14130963                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3767                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13339061                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18629                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1797012                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4168045                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          477                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23054777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17435815     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2259875      9.80%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1213645      5.26%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840810      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       734993      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375201      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91549      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58917      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43972      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23054777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3391     11.61%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12599     43.12%     54.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13227     45.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11160942     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208795      1.57%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1632      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1235728      9.26%     94.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731964      5.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13339061                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.531437                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29217                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002190                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49780745                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15931873                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13113561                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13368278                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33157                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       242988                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18806                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          816                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       368188                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        195540                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13773                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14134751                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1353834                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738037                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2124                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9851                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115844                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113658                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       229502                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13139490                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1159710                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199571                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1891436                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1836925                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           731726                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.523486                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13113860                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13113561                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7794591                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20418954                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.522453                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381733                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9838276                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12070423                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2064518                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3290                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       202291                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22686589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17755824     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2285302     10.07%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959357      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       575986      2.54%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398545      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       257374      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134313      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107583      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212305      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22686589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9838276                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12070423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1830077                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1110846                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1642                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1727322                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10882226                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       245611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       212305                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36609160                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          28638083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                300872                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2045202                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9838276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12070423                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9838276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.551258                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.551258                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.391964                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.391964                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       59279087                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18195516                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13222347                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3286                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25099984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2271020                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1890977                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208242                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       894906                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830992                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244325                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9788                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19772580                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12458974                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2271020                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1075317                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2596564                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        579426                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       673154                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1229129                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198991                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23411609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20815045     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         158831      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         200777      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         320017      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         133731      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         172075      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         200762      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          92317      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1318054      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23411609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090479                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.496374                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19656800                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       800297                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2584157                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1307                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       369041                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       345235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          271                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     15226798                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1612                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       369041                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19677034                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         63886                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       680965                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2565193                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        55484                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     15133158                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         8199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        38371                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     21137983                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     70374475                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     70374475                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     17673412                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3464560                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3719                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1964                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          195456                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1417224                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       740385                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8302                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       168393                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14775859                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3729                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14170499                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14932                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1803246                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3677976                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          197                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23411609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17405696     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2740587     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1118893      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       628006      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       850266      3.63%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261758      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       257452      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       138066      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10885      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23411609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98108     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13163     10.62%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12665     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11937578     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193746      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1753      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1299632      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737790      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14170499                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.564562                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123936                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51891474                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16582907                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13800494                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14294435                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10457                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       268502                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10311                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       369041                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         48937                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6305                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14779592                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11139                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1417224                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       740385                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1965                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5507                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123403                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116276                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       239679                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13923523                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1278099                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       246975                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2015789                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1968598                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           737690                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.554722                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13800579                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13800494                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8267490                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        22207737                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.549821                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372280                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10282230                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12670201                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2109421                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3532                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       209795                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23042568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17678573     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2718580     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       987952      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       491188      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449391      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189230      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186882      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89029      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251743      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23042568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10282230                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12670201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1878796                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1148722                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1836490                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11407351                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       261646                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       251743                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           37570382                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          29928300                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                301926                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1688375                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10282230                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12670201                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10282230                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.441103                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.441103                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.409651                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.409651                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       62650944                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      19284466                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14083224                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3530                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25099984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2269770                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1890073                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208286                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       892785                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         829664                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244256                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9772                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19761034                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12454387                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2269770                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1073920                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2595532                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        579207                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       675641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1228551                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199092                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23401258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20805726     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         158656      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         200539      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         320069      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         134130      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         171802      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         200619      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          92053      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1317664      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23401258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090429                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496191                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19645581                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       802362                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2583229                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1294                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       368785                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       344957                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15221098                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1577                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       368785                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19665689                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         63447                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       683598                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2564382                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        55351                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15127645                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         8086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        38396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21131096                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     70348507                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     70348507                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17666682                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3464414                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3679                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1926                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          195320                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1416799                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       739446                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8369                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       166062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14768814                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3690                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14164629                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14688                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1802977                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3674588                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          159                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23401258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17399720     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2737585     11.70%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1118378      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       626858      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       849933      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       262101      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       258116      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       137755      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10812      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23401258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         97963     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13130     10.61%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12663     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11932853     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193718      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1752      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1299321      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       736985      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14164629                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.564328                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123756                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008737                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51868960                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16575557                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13794204                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14288385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10540                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       268537                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9665                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       368785                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         48648                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6316                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14772507                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11130                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1416799                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       739446                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1926                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5525                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123389                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116403                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       239792                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13917276                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1277593                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       247353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2014491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1967713                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           736898                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.554474                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13794273                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13794204                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8264163                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        22199787                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.549570                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372263                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10278280                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12665284                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2107274                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3531                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       209837                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23032473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17671503     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2716517     11.79%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       987243      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       491134      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449335      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189285      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186803      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88928      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251725      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23032473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10278280                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12665284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1878043                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1148262                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1835752                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11402929                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       261537                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       251725                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37553241                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29913913                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                301916                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1698726                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10278280                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12665284                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10278280                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.442041                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.442041                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.409493                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.409493                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       62622555                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19277155                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14077408                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3528                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25099984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2040162                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1672390                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201616                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       837896                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         794096                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209386                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9079                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19474320                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11605979                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2040162                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1003482                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2550288                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        575854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       647368                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1201636                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199985                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23042984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615893                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20492696     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         276116      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         318349      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         174986      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         202354      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         111253      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          75670      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         197931      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1193629      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23042984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081281                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.462390                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19311903                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       813157                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2528385                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        20663                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       368875                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       331395                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         2134                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14165403                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        11214                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       368875                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19343933                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        263205                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       461959                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2518296                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        86707                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14155394                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        21564                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        40805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19666795                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     65914541                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     65914541                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16740861                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2925907                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3771                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          234359                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1355384                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       737486                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19816                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       162413                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14132386                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3778                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13339315                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19419                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1801585                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4179623                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          491                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23042984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268947                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17425114     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2258387      9.80%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1214657      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       839183      3.64%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       735164      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       376041      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91777      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58746      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43915      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23042984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3409     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12651     43.25%     54.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13191     45.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11160342     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208687      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1631      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1237178      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731477      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13339315                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.531447                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29251                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002193                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49770277                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15937883                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13111605                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13368566                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33686                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245091                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          137                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18633                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       368875                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        215082                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14128                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14136187                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5681                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1355384                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737486                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2136                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10016                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          137                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115558                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114245                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       229803                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13138266                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1160168                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201042                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1891410                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1836894                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           731242                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523437                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13111917                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13111605                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7792099                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20413328                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522375                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381716                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9833466                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12064633                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2071722                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3287                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       202624                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22674109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17745466     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2284974     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       958446      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       575293      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398508      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       257436      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134452      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107308      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212226      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22674109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9833466                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12064633                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1829143                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1110290                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1726542                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10876965                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       245498                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       212226                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36598173                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          28641625                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                301005                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2057000                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9833466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12064633                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9833466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.552506                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.552506                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.391772                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.391772                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       59270438                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18193241                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13221971                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25099984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1953605                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1762367                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       104939                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       728542                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         695113                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107565                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4586                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20703070                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12293642                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1953605                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       802678                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2428672                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        329420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       478086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1190535                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105309                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23831746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21403074     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          85925      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         177042      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          73684      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         402218      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         359019      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          69536      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         146767      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1114481      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23831746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077833                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.489787                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20585471                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       597272                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2419488                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7842                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       221668                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       171729                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          250                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14416246                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1524                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       221668                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20607662                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        422962                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       106438                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2406586                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        66423                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14407880                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        27601                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        24304                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          367                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     16928850                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     67857215                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     67857215                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     14977329                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        1951502                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1678                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          851                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          170041                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3395421                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1716062                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15676                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        83618                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14377285                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1684                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13812066                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7569                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1128061                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2718262                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23831746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18926715     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467052      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1205623      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       520818      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661527      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639547      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       363834      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28573      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18057      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23831746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34933     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272469     86.43%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7849      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8670167     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120649      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          826      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3308581     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1711843     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13812066                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.550282                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315251                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51778698                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15507403                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13691553                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14127317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24919                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       134733                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           66                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          374                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11188                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1222                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       221668                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        387109                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17924                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14378988                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          141                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3395421                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1716062                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          852                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12056                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          374                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59968                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62761                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       122729                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13713456                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3297039                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98610                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            5008707                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1796150                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1711668                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.546353                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13692042                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13691553                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7397253                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        14583135                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.545481                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507247                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11114812                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13061563                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1318710                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1667                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       106987                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23610078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18875282     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1726981      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       811165      3.44%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       800341      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217825      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       932335      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70060      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50818      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125271      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23610078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11114812                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13061563                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              4965555                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             3260681                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1724736                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11615021                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       126526                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       125271                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37865041                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          28982263                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                455604                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1268238                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11114812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13061563                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11114812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.258246                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.258246                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.442821                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.442821                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       67782779                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      15909643                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      17154638                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1664                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25099984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1954506                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1763114                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       104981                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       736499                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         695477                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107559                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4601                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20706081                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12298753                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1954506                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       803036                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2429679                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        330139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       479155                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1190829                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105388                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23837495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21407816     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          86086      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         177098      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          73724      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         402269      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         359201      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          69565      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         146566      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1115170      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23837495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077869                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.489990                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20587457                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       599337                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2420450                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         7913                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       222333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       171865                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14422109                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1517                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       222333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20609780                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        422802                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       108122                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2407458                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        66993                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14413558                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        27701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        24563                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          456                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     16935926                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     67882693                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     67882693                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     14978663                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        1957244                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1682                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          856                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          171242                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3396662                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1716491                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15686                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        83280                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14382622                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1688                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13817410                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7517                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1132126                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2718081                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23837495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18930619     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467011      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1206776      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       520668      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       662162      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639829      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       363987      1.53%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28416      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18027      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23837495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34824     11.04%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272584     86.45%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7905      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8673681     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120814      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          826      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3309753     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1712336     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13817410                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.550495                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315313                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022820                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51795145                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15516797                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13696675                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14132723                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25156                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135394                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          362                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11327                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1224                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       222333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        386556                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17879                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14384330                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          163                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3396662                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1716491                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          856                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12016                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          362                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60049                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62787                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       122836                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13718765                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3298299                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            5010443                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1796537                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1712144                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.546565                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13697186                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13696675                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7400909                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        14589697                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.545685                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507270                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11116088                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13063013                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1322571                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1667                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       107053                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23615162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18880249     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1726956      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       810657      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       800583      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       218215      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       932450      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69773      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50986      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125293      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23615162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11116088                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13063013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              4966425                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3261261                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1724910                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11616297                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       126526                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       125293                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37875414                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          28993545                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                455659                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1262489                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11116088                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13063013                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11116088                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.257987                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.257987                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.442872                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.442872                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       67808914                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      15915930                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      17161292                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1664                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25099984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1899615                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699868                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       152980                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1286130                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1251910                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111389                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4587                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20159875                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10802755                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1899615                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1363299                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2407737                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        504130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       296494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1220701                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149820                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23214427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20806690     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         370924      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         182596      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         366079      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         112999      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         340897      1.47%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          52389      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          85439      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         896414      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23214427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075682                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430389                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19918141                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       543147                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2402796                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1961                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       348381                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       175681                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1941                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12052683                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4566                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       348381                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19945778                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        325489                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       134508                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2377021                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        83243                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12033900                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9332                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        66726                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15736281                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     54491327                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     54491327                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12710284                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3025988                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1583                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          180317                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2201655                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       344379                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3015                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        78257                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         11969881                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1588                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        11191909                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7334                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2197061                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4520600                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23214427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18304622     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1533424      6.61%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1659332      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       957700      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       488067      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122262      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142792      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3433      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2795      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23214427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18432     57.42%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7495     23.35%     80.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6174     19.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8756551     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85658      0.77%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          777      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2007907     17.94%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       341016      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     11191909                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.445893                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32101                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45637680                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14168561                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10904286                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     11224010                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8570                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       454364                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9051                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       348381                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        217812                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10156                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11971478                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          561                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2201655                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344379                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          805                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4048                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          223                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103140                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58718                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       161858                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11050502                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1979072                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141407                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2320043                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1681334                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           340971                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.440259                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             10907153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            10904286                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6605489                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14269032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.434434                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.462925                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8690442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9757249                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2214730                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1567                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       151846                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22866046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19247419     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1411890      6.17%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916276      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       287089      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482328      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92011      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58516      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53059      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317458      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22866046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8690442                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9757249                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2082615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1747287                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1499173                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8519124                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       119378                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       317458                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           34520541                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          24292589                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                452599                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1885557                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8690442                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9757249                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8690442                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.888229                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.888229                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.346233                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.346233                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       51412084                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14179527                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12845110                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25099984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2271108                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1891875                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208882                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       893354                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830626                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244431                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9751                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19781584                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12461640                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2271108                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1075057                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2597767                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        580596                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       671202                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1229920                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199609                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23420391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20822624     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         158878      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         201528      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         321086      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         134081      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         171129      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         200742      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          91194      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1319129      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23420391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090482                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.496480                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19666301                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       797889                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2585357                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1267                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       369570                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       344423                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          268                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15228652                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1573                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       369570                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19686483                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         63719                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       679067                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2566470                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        55076                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15134609                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         8033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        38242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     21145894                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     70382780                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     70382780                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17674009                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3471864                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3736                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1982                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          195251                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1417267                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       739237                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8225                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       167420                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14776142                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3748                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14169747                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14851                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1806883                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3683781                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          216                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23420391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17414774     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2741883     11.71%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1117196      4.77%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       628079      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       850139      3.63%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261020      1.11%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       258384      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       138053      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10863      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23420391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98477     79.30%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13031     10.49%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12668     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11938007     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193752      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1753      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1299611      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       736624      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14169747                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.564532                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            124176                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008763                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51898911                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16586848                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13799164                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14293923                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10299                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       268509                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9146                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       369570                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         48861                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6346                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14779892                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11138                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1417267                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       739237                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1983                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123896                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116438                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       240334                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13921933                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1277720                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       247813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2014230                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1968141                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           736510                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.554659                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13799256                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13799164                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8268539                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        22212003                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.549768                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372255                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10282564                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12670608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2109324                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3532                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       210438                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23050821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17686473     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2718777     11.79%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       987854      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       491384      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449463      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189299      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186888      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89168      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251515      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23050821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10282564                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12670608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1878846                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1148755                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1836554                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11407710                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       261653                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       251515                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37579173                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29929454                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                302812                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1679593                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10282564                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12670608                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10282564                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.441024                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.441024                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.409664                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.409664                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       62646461                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      19288094                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14084604                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3530                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25099984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1898736                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699230                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       152967                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1286013                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1252007                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111242                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4669                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20158587                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10796088                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1898736                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1363249                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2406883                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        503710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       297391                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1220712                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149826                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23212772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20805889     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         370900      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         182603      0.79%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         366508      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         113385      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         340657      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          52330      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          84866      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         895634      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23212772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075647                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.430123                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19918535                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       542367                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2401874                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2025                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       347970                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       175400                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         1942                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     12043751                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         4544                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       347970                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19945883                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        325274                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       134557                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2376565                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        82516                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     12025303                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         9333                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        66030                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     15724647                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     54448593                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     54448593                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     12708729                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3015918                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1582                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          807                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          178655                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      2202039                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       344251                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3168                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        78111                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         11962235                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1588                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        11185268                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7324                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2189982                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4515579                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23212772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18304039     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1534188      6.61%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1659301      7.15%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       956919      4.12%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487802      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       121636      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142665      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3433      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2789      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23212772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18429     57.39%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7519     23.41%     80.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6164     19.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8750134     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85582      0.77%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          777      0.01%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2007880     17.95%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340895      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     11185268                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.445628                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32112                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45622744                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14153840                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10898812                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     11217380                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8368                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       454843                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8987                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       347970                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        218364                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10157                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11963832                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          847                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2202039                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344251                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          805                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4073                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          224                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103219                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58643                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       161862                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11046081                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1979840                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       139187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2320687                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1681238                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           340847                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.440083                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             10901724                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            10898812                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6601791                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        14249697                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.434216                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.463293                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8689555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      9756159                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2208176                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1567                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       151832                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22864802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19245351     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1412788      6.18%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916359      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286904      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482694      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92076      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58564      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53127      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       316939      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22864802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      8689555                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      9756159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2082460                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1747196                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1499018                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         8518146                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       119357                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       316939                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           34512172                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          24276910                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                453125                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1887212                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           8689555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             9756159                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      8689555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.888524                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.888524                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.346198                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.346198                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       51389958                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      14172104                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12838056                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25099984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2039063                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1668050                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201550                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       837671                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800726                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208678                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8964                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19766978                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11572042                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2039063                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1009404                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2424128                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        586458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       360044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1218001                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202844                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     22931756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20507628     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         132525      0.58%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         206981      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         330034      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         136379      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         151586      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         162340      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         106196      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1198087      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     22931756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081238                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461038                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19584844                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       544045                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2416228                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         6326                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       380309                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       333764                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14130567                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1625                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       380309                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19616297                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        170640                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       284665                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2391663                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        88178                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14120829                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2275                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        24347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        33401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4181                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19603453                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     65683254                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     65683254                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     16688046                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2915375                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3620                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2006                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          266863                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1347988                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       722800                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21692                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       166245                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14098071                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3630                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13322043                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17011                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1822737                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4090633                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          375                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22931756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17317304     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2252111      9.82%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1230602      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       842201      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786428      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       224950      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       177030      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59557      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41573      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22931756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3158     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9934     39.17%     51.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12268     48.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11160146     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210811      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1231283      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718190      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13322043                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530759                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25360                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001904                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49618212                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15924593                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13102847                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13347403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39445                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246617                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22572                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          865                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       380309                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        118091                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12190                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14101734                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5914                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1347988                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722800                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2004                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9006                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116475                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116152                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       232627                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13128809                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1157445                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193233                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  33                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1875259                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1846459                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           717814                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523060                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13103063                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13102847                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7662799                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20025662                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522026                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382649                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9802529                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12015155                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2086577                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       205493                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22551447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17672237     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2364496     10.48%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920596      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       494444      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370286      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206105      0.91%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128806      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114186      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       280291      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22551447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9802529                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12015155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1801596                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1101368                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1724615                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10826592                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       244063                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       280291                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           36372823                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          28583830                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                321240                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2168228                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9802529                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12015155                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9802529                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.560562                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.560562                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390539                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390539                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       59196092                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18166577                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13175161                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25099984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1955074                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1764001                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       104927                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       721638                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         695965                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107448                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4587                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20709420                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12302360                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1955074                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       803413                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2430422                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        329851                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       476860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1191018                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105271                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23839060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21408638     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          85991      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         177367      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          73850      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         402394      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         359050      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          69272      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         146845      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1115653      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23839060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077891                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.490134                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20591148                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       596726                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2421153                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         7923                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       222105                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       171539                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          254                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14426461                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1548                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       222105                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20613503                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        419937                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       108595                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2408147                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        66766                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14417687                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        27576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        24615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          330                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     16941256                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     67902425                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     67902425                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     14983376                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        1957864                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1684                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          857                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          171459                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      3397818                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      1716899                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15561                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        82653                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14386267                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1691                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13818445                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7466                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1133536                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2729420                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23839060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18932208     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467087      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1206548      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       521007      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661590      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639702      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       364161      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28651      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18106      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23839060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34901     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272627     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7901      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8673537     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120684      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          827      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3310637     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1712760     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13818445                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.550536                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315429                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022827                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51798844                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15521853                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13698018                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14133874                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25146                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135371                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          361                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11092                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1225                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       222105                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        383769                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17871                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14387971                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3397818                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1716899                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          857                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12020                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          361                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60258                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62577                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       122835                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13720118                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3299189                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98326                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            5011793                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1796661                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          1712604                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.546619                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13698541                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13698018                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7401464                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        14590857                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.545738                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507267                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11119837                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     13067271                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1321968                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       106983                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23616955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18880199     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1727410      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       811279      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       801328      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217906      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       932816      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69871      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50779      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125367      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23616955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11119837                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     13067271                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              4968244                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             3262441                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1725400                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11620109                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       126546                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       125367                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37880788                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29000634                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                455925                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1260924                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11119837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            13067271                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11119837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.257226                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.257226                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.443022                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.443022                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       67817412                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      15917465                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      17166255                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1668                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          34373                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.480983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1448834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          67141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          21.578976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           253.954073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    22.660871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   579.396940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    18.152440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   781.609300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.235185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1389.239200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    21.591717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   897.796681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.504567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   509.905578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.706481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   886.018096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.692923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   512.642204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    21.233970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   524.278706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    21.792040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   876.542725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.988026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1414.529498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.071020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1394.473636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.787848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   791.085580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.138226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   486.506068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    19.194658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   778.239683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.959327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1201.314835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.536933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1380.009724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           945.223876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1357.624713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1277.037909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1088.750680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           750.166676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1127.692368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           758.986749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           711.724819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1089.908074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1213.322802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1239.321449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1316.826095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           803.398670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1314.311699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1481.220534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1282.175110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.017682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.023853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.042396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.027399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.015561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.027039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.015645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.016000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.026750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.043168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.042556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.024142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.014847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.023750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.036661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.042115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.028846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.041431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.038972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.033226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.022893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.034414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.023162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.021720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.033261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.037028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.037821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.040186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.024518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.040110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.045203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.039129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   57842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            18501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 18501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   182                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    58024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2659                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3579                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2559                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3618                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2579                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2501                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3624                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4758                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3591                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2640                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3605                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4354                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4795                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   58024                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3330                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 34352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  34363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1388                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1915                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3255                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1174                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2000                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2011                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3330                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1926                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1907                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2779                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3275                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 34363                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5761345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    210877779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3852006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    287988168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6041778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    496614341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5442046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    306635246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5454881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    178587202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5127466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    301969848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5459408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    177596943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5220919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    187101262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5133923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    305020765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5758906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    506332924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5930080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    503439937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4193605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    292667935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5178799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    169608350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4564457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    288455901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5414541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    421589909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5315757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    498399084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5216735511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       429200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       450868                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       500481                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       166895                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       132098                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1679542                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5761345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    210877779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3852006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    287988168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6041778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    496614341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5442046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    307064446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5454881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    178587202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5127466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    302420716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5459408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    177596943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5220919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    187101262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5133923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    305521246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5758906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    506332924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5930080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    503606832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4193605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    292667935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5178799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    169608350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4564457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    288455901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5414541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    421589909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5315757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    498531182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5218415053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5761345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    210877779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3852006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    287988168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6041778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    496614341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5442046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    307064446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5454881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    178587202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5127466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    302420716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5459408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    177596943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5220919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    187101262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5133923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    305521246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5758906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    506332924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5930080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    503606832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4193605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    292667935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5178799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    169608350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4564457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    288455901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5414541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    421589909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5315757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    498531182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5218415053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               92194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             18501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               193                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                92387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               92387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.344246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.404147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.363458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.313437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.330374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.413357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.410304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.297485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.390419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.406153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.372606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.056995                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.403696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.314492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.312267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.329311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.412895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.409970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.296375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.389598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.371946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.403696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.314492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.312267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.329311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.412895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.409970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.296375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.389598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.371946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151614.342105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151929.235591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148154.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150385.466319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163291.297297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152569.690015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155487.028571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150680.710565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151524.472222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152118.570698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150807.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151211.741612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155983.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151662.632792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153556.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152362.591205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155573.424242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151902.771414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155646.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152051.929129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160272.432432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152326.758548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149771.607143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151956.352544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 147965.685714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152525.494604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147240.548387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151261.615627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146338.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151705.616769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151878.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152229.408674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151861.187442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 143066.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150289.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       166827                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       166895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       132098                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152685.636364                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151614.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151929.235591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148154.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150385.466319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163291.297297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152569.690015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155487.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150669.502453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151524.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152118.570698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150807.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151210.358000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155983.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151662.632792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153556.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152362.591205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155573.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151925.035306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155646.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152051.929129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160272.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152331.165154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149771.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151956.352544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 147965.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152525.494604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147240.548387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151261.615627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146338.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151705.616769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151878.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152223.261679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151861.451358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151614.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151929.235591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148154.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150385.466319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163291.297297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152569.690015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155487.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150669.502453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151524.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152118.570698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150807.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151210.358000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155983.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151662.632792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153556.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152362.591205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155573.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151925.035306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155646.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152051.929129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160272.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152331.165154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149771.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151956.352544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 147965.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152525.494604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147240.548387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151261.615627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146338.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151705.616769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151878.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152223.261679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151861.451358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9862                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9862                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            34352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             34363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            34363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3548787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    130044353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2338661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    176446370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3891220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    307190210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3407712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    188138015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3362061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110236727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3150972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    185687323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3422454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    109400061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3248326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    115613354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3217079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    188113081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3607288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    312494769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3780593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    311086295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2564368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    180468422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3141254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    104858309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2760290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    177369782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3256546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    259772255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3281356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    307882332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3216780625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       254036                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       276579                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       325572                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       108461                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        73732                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1038380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3548787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    130044353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2338661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    176446370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3891220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    307190210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3407712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    188392051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3362061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110236727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3150972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    185963902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3422454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    109400061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3248326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    115613354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3217079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    188438653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3607288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    312494769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3780593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    311194756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2564368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    180468422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3141254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    104858309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2760290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    177369782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3256546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    259772255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3281356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    307956064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3217819005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3548787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    130044353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2338661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    176446370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3891220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    307190210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3407712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    188392051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3362061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110236727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3150972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    185963902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3422454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    109400061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3248326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    115613354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3217079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    188438653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3607288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    312494769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3780593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    311194756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2564368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    180468422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3141254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    104858309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2760290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    177369782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3256546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    259772255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3281356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    307956064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3217819005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.344246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.404147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.363458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.313437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.330374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.413357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.410304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.297485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.390419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.406153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.372606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.403696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.314492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.312267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.329311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.412895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.409970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.296375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.389598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.371946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.403696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.314492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.312267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.329311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.412895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.409970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.296375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.389598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.371946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93389.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93691.896974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 89948.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92139.096606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 105168.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94374.872504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97363.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92451.113022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93390.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93898.404600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92675.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92983.136204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97784.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93424.475662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        95539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94147.682410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97487.242424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93681.813247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97494.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93842.272973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 102178.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94125.959153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91584.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93701.153686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 89750.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94297.040468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89041.612903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93009.848977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 88014.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93476.881972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93753.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94038.586439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93641.727556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84678.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        92193                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       108524                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       108461                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        73732                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94398.181818                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93389.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93691.896974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 89948.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92139.096606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 105168.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94374.872504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97363.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92439.671737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93390.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93898.404600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92675.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92981.951000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97784.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93424.475662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        95539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94147.682410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97487.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93703.954749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97494.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93842.272973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 102178.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94130.295221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91584.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93701.153686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 89750.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94297.040468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89041.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93009.848977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 88014.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93476.881972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93753.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94032.385954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93641.969706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93389.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93691.896974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 89948.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92139.096606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 105168.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94374.872504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97363.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92439.671737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93390.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93898.404600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92675.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92981.951000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97784.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93424.475662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst        95539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94147.682410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97487.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93703.954749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97494.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93842.272973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 102178.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94130.295221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91584.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93701.153686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 89750.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94297.040468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89041.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93009.848977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 88014.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93476.881972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93753.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94032.385954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93641.969706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              507.960060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001229842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1944135.615534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    32.960060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.052821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1221746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1221746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7602719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7602719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7602719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7602719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7602719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7602719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155157.530612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155157.530612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155157.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155157.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155157.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155157.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6342994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6342994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6342994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6342994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6342994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6342994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158574.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158574.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158574.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158574.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158574.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158574.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4047                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35473.831978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.938935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.061065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.863043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.136957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       840271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1534182741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1534182741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6863403                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6863403                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1541046144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1541046144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1541046144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1541046144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       853135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1831                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119261.718050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119261.718050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 81707.178571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81707.178571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119018.083411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119018.083411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119018.083411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119018.083411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8901                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8901                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    402184475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    402184475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       994991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       994991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    403179466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    403179466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    403179466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    403179466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99748.133681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99748.133681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66332.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66332.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99624.281196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99624.281196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99624.281196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99624.281196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              550.326585                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              921365767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1663115.102888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.158405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.168180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.038715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1220735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1220735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1220735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1220735                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1220735                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5039977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5039977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5039977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5039977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5039977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5039977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1220768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1220768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1220768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152726.575758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152726.575758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152726.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152726.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152726.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152726.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4309120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4309120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4309120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4309120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4309120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4309120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159597.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159597.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159597.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159597.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159597.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159597.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5513                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              205505456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35622.370601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   193.701442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    62.298558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.756646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.243354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1812297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1812297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       333771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          782                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          782                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2146068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2146068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2146068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2146068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2037459448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2037459448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2705031                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2705031                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2040164479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2040164479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2040164479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2040164479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1831213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1831213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       333801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2165014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2165014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2165014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2165014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107710.903362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107710.903362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 90167.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90167.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107683.124617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107683.124617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107683.124617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107683.124617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13433                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13433                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    551900983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    551900983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       461541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       461541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    552362524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    552362524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    552362524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    552362524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100218.082985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100218.082985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 76923.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76923.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100192.730637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100192.730637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100192.730637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100192.730637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              573.214502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1032147706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1776502.075731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    32.646966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   540.567536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.052319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.866294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.918613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1190941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1190941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1190941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1190941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1190941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10052024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10052024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10052024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10052024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10052024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10052024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1190992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1190992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1190992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 197098.509804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 197098.509804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 197098.509804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 197098.509804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 197098.509804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 197098.509804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7710481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7710481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7710481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7710481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7710481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7710481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 202907.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202907.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 202907.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202907.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 202907.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202907.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 8063                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              406957745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 8319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             48919.070201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   110.996022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   145.003978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.433578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.566422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3113389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3113389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1704210                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1704210                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4817599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4817599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4817599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4817599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        28627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28627                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        28627                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3339706701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3339706701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2078641                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2078641                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3341785342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3341785342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3341785342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3341785342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3141991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3141991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1704235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1704235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4846226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4846226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4846226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4846226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116764.796203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116764.796203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 83145.640000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83145.640000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116735.436546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116735.436546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116735.436546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116735.436546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1353                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1353                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20564                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20564                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    869915432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    869915432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       622212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       622212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    870537644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    870537644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    870537644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    870537644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108010.359076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108010.359076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69134.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69134.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107966.965646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107966.965646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107966.965646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107966.965646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              510.998358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1002525932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1935378.247104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    28.998358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.046472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1201781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1201781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1201781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1201781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1201781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1201781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7747064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7747064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7747064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7747064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7747064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7747064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1201825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1201825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1201825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1201825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1201825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1201825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176069.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176069.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176069.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176069.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176069.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176069.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6444785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6444785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6444785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6444785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6444785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6444785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 179021.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179021.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 179021.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179021.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 179021.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179021.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5617                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              158552081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             26996.778648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   226.932256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    29.067744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.886454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.113546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       846231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        846231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       714487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       714487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1682                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1682                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1560718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1560718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1560718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1560718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          486                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          486                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        19912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        19912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2457835511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2457835511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     59055052                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59055052                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2516890563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2516890563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2516890563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2516890563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       865657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       865657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       714973                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       714973                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1682                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1682                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1580630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1580630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1580630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1580630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000680                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000680                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 126522.985226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126522.985226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121512.452675                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121512.452675                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 126400.691191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126400.691191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 126400.691191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126400.691191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    569475114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    569475114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1498989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1498989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    570974103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    570974103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    570974103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    570974103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101710.147169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101710.147169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83277.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83277.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101651.077622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101651.077622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101651.077622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101651.077622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              486.848739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1004328677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2037177.843813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.848739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.051040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1229237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1229237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1229237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1229237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1229237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8798455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8798455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8798455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8798455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8798455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8798455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1229286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1229286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1229286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 179560.306122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179560.306122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 179560.306122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179560.306122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 179560.306122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179560.306122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6764569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6764569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6764569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6764569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6764569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6764569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178014.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178014.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178014.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178014.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178014.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178014.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 3733                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              148944498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 3989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             37338.806217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   219.368169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    36.631831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.856907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.143093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       978567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        978567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       726154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1704721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1704721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1704721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1704721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         9592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         9592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1016270964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1016270964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6584397                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6584397                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1022855361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1022855361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1022855361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1022855361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       988084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       726229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1714313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1714313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1714313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1714313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106784.802354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106784.802354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87791.960000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87791.960000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106636.297018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106636.297018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106636.297018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106636.297018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5859                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5859                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    364157582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364157582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1315213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1315213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    365472795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    365472795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    365472795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    365472795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 97944.481442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97944.481442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87680.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87680.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 97903.240021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97903.240021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 97903.240021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97903.240021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              510.941855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1002526136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1939122.119923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.941855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.046381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1201985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1201985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1201985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1201985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1201985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1201985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7301782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7301782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7301782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7301782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7301782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7301782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1202029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1202029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1202029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1202029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1202029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1202029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165949.590909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165949.590909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165949.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165949.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165949.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165949.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5955922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5955922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5955922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5955922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5955922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5955922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170169.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170169.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170169.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170169.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170169.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170169.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5618                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              158554057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5874                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             26992.519067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   226.930119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    29.069881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.886446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.113554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       847521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        847521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       715175                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       715175                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1678                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1678                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1643                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1643                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1562696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1562696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1562696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1562696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          498                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          498                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2436624450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2436624450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59955571                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59955571                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2496580021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2496580021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2496580021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2496580021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       866816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       715673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       715673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1678                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1678                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1643                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1643                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1582489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1582489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.022260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000696                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000696                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 126282.687225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126282.687225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120392.712851                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120392.712851                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 126134.493053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126134.493053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 126134.493053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126134.493053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1942                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1942                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    567415225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    567415225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1515929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1515929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    568931154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    568931154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    568931154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    568931154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101324.147321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101324.147321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84218.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84218.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101269.340335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101269.340335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101269.340335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101269.340335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              485.757815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1004328515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2041318.119919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    30.757815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.049291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.778458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1229075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1229075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1229075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1229075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1229075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9265688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9265688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9265688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9265688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9265688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9265688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1229129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1229129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1229129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171586.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171586.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171586.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171586.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171586.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171586.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6717972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6717972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6717972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6717972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6717972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6717972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 181566.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181566.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 181566.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181566.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 181566.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181566.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3750                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              148944924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             37180.460310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   219.359397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    36.640603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.856873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.143127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       978714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        978714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       726425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1705139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1705139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1705139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1705139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         9654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         9654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1017857011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1017857011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7158388                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7158388                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1025015399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1025015399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1025015399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1025015399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       988282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       726511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1714793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1714793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1714793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1714793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106381.376568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106381.376568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 83237.069767                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83237.069767                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106175.201885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106175.201885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106175.201885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106175.201885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    364881908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364881908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1302376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1302376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    366184284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    366184284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    366184284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    366184284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97666.463597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97666.463597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93026.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93026.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97649.142400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97649.142400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97649.142400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97649.142400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              485.942489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1004327945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2045474.429735                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.942489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.049587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.778754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1228505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1228505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1228505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1228505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1228505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1228505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8060655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8060655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8060655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8060655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8060655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8060655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1228551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1228551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1228551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1228551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1228551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1228551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175231.630435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175231.630435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175231.630435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175231.630435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175231.630435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175231.630435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6454541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6454541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6454541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6454541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6454541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6454541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179292.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179292.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179292.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179292.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179292.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179292.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3729                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148944222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 3985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             37376.216311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   219.366084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    36.633916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.856899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.143101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       978323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        978323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       726157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1704480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1704480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1704480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1704480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1028774628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1028774628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5008352                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5008352                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1033782980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1033782980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1033782980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1033782980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       987871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       726220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1714091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1714091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1714091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1714091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107747.656891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107747.656891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 79497.650794                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79497.650794                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107562.478410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107562.478410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107562.478410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107562.478410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5882                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5882                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    368841544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    368841544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       963948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       963948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    369805492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    369805492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    369805492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    369805492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99230.977670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99230.977670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        80329                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80329                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99170.150711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99170.150711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99170.150711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99170.150711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              509.902783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1002525744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1942879.348837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    27.902783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.044716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1201593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1201593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1201593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1201593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1201593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1201593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7382879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7382879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7382879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7382879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7382879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7382879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1201636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1201636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1201636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1201636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1201636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1201636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171694.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171694.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171694.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171694.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171694.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171694.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5964009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5964009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5964009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5964009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5964009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5964009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175412.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175412.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175412.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175412.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175412.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175412.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5635                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              158553675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             26914.560346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   226.926652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    29.073348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.886432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.113568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       847413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        847413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       714810                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       714810                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1770                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1770                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1562223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1562223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1562223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1562223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        19828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        19828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2437556868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2437556868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     59118219                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59118219                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2496675087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2496675087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2496675087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2496675087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       866752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       715299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       715299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1770                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1770                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1582051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1582051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126043.583846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126043.583846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120896.153374                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120896.153374                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125916.637432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125916.637432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125916.637432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125916.637432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    570699559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    570699559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1505218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1505218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    572204777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    572204777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    572204777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    572204777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101602.200285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101602.200285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 83623.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83623.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101544.769654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101544.769654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101544.769654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101544.769654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              574.353131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1032147251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1776501.292599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    33.784860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   540.568271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.054142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.866295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.920438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1190486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1190486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1190486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1190486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1190486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8644421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8644421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8644421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8644421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8644421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8644421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1190535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1190535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1190535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176416.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176416.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176416.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176416.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176416.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176416.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6967793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6967793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6967793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6967793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6967793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6967793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 183362.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183362.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 183362.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183362.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 183362.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183362.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 8065                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              406954309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 8321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             48906.899291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   110.994641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   145.005359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.433573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.566427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3111015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3111015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1703153                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1703153                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          833                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          833                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4814168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4814168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4814168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       4814168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        28706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        28706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3363800584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3363800584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2203033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2203033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3366003617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3366003617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3366003617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3366003617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3139692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3139692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1703182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1703182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          833                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          833                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          832                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4842874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4842874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4842874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4842874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117299.598424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117299.598424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 75966.655172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75966.655172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117257.842158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117257.842158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117257.842158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117257.842158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1440                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1440                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    872993861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    872993861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    873570761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    873570761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    873570761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    873570761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108365.672915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108365.672915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108316.275387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108316.275387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108316.275387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108316.275387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              574.531256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1032147545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1776501.798623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.410282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.120974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.053542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.920723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1190780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1190780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1190780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1190780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1190780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9006193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9006193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9006193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9006193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9006193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9006193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1190829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1190829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1190829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 183799.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183799.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 183799.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183799.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 183799.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183799.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7248006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7248006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7248006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7248006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7248006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7248006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       190737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       190737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       190737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       190737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       190737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       190737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 8064                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              406955550                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 8320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             48912.926683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   110.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   145.000004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.433594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.566406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3111964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3111964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1703444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1703444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4815408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4815408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4815408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4815408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        28747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        28747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3357977373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3357977373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2657962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2657962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3360635335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3360635335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3360635335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3360635335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3140683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3140683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1703472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1703472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          832                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4844155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4844155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4844155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4844155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116925.288938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116925.288938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94927.214286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94927.214286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116903.862490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116903.862490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116903.862490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116903.862490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1464                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1464                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    873593238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873593238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       769987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       769987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    874363225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    874363225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    874363225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    874363225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108453.536685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108453.536685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85554.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85554.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108427.979291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108427.979291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108427.979291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108427.979291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              551.154297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              921365696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1657132.546763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.986000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.168297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.040042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1220664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1220664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1220664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1220664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1220664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5639819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5639819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5639819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5639819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5639819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5639819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1220701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1220701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1220701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152427.540541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152427.540541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152427.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152427.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152427.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152427.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4666785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4666785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4666785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4666785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4666785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4666785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160923.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160923.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160923.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160923.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160923.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160923.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5517                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              205505507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35597.697384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   194.395017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    61.604983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.759356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.240644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1812392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1812392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       333720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2146112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2146112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2146112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2146112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        19090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        19090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2060393270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2060393270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2218683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2218683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2062611953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2062611953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2062611953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2062611953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1831455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1831455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       333747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2165202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2165202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2165202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2165202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108083.369354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108083.369354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 82173.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82173.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108046.723573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108046.723573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108046.723573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108046.723573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    554755522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    554755522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       406189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       406189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    555161711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    555161711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    555161711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    555161711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100663.313736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100663.313736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 67698.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67698.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100627.462570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100627.462570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100627.462570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100627.462570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              486.487529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1004329314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2041319.743902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    31.487529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.050461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1229874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1229874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1229874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1229874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1229874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8523143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8523143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8523143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8523143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8523143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8523143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1229920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1229920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1229920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 185285.717391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185285.717391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 185285.717391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 185285.717391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 185285.717391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185285.717391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6997315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6997315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6997315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6997315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6997315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6997315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 189116.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189116.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 189116.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189116.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 189116.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189116.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148944764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             37161.867265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   219.421213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    36.578787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.857114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.142886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       978501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        978501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       726462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1955                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1955                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1704963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1704963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1704963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1704963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         9615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         9615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    998246381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    998246381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5628145                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5628145                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1003874526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1003874526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1003874526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1003874526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       988050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       726528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1955                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1955                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1714578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1714578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1714578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1714578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104539.363389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104539.363389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85274.924242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85274.924242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104407.126989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104407.126989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104407.126989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104407.126989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5863                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5863                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    358290718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    358290718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1064475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1064475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    359355193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    359355193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    359355193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    359355193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95850.914393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95850.914393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 76033.928571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76033.928571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95776.970416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95776.970416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95776.970416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95776.970416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              552.403666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              921365705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1648239.186047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    27.067235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.336431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.043377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.841885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1220673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1220673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1220673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1220673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1220673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6111952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6111952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6111952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6111952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6111952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6111952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1220712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1220712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1220712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156716.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156716.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156716.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156716.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156716.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156716.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5159525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5159525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5159525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5159525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5159525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5159525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161235.156250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161235.156250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161235.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161235.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161235.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161235.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5512                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              205506485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             35628.724861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   194.262509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    61.737491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.758838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.241162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1813436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1813436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       333653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2147089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        2147089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2147089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       2147089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        18995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        18995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2041356594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2041356594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2855049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2855049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2044211643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2044211643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2044211643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2044211643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1832401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1832401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       333683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2166084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2166084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2166084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2166084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107638.101450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107638.101450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95168.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95168.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107618.407107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107618.407107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107618.407107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107618.407107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    552371615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    552371615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       456068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       456068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    552827683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    552827683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    552827683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    552827683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100321.760806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100321.760806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 76011.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76011.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100295.298077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100295.298077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100295.298077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100295.298077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              521.743248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1006993277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1907184.236742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.743248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.050871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1217952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1217952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1217952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1217952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1217952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7409131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7409131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7409131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7409131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7409131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7409131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1218001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1218001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1218001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1218001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1218001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1218001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151206.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151206.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151206.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151206.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151206.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151206.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5938640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5938640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5938640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5938640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5938640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5938640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       156280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       156280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       156280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       156280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       156280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       156280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              167405305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             22656.016376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   227.344388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    28.655612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.888064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.111936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       842635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       696858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1954                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1954                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1539493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1539493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1539493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1539493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2125645429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2125645429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6988047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6988047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2132633476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2132633476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2132633476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2132633476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       860835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       860835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       696944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1954                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1954                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1557779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1557779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1557779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1557779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116793.704890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116793.704890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 81256.360465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81256.360465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116626.570929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116626.570929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116626.570929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116626.570929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    743707438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    743707438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       980472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       980472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    744687910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    744687910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    744687910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    744687910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104482.640910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104482.640910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 65364.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65364.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104400.379924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104400.379924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104400.379924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104400.379924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              573.818772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1032147737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1782638.578584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.311430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.507342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.051781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.919581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1190972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1190972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1190972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1190972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1190972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8316532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8316532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8316532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8316532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8316532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8316532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1191018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1191018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1191018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1191018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1191018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 180794.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180794.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 180794.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180794.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 180794.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180794.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6763725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6763725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6763725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6763725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6763725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6763725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 187881.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187881.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 187881.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187881.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 187881.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187881.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 8070                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              406957115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 8326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             48877.866322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   110.997010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   145.002990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.433582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.566418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3112888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3112888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1704079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1704079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4816967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        4816967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4816967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       4816967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        28718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        28718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3355707204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3355707204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2567122                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2567122                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3358274326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3358274326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3358274326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3358274326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3141577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3141577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1704108                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1704108                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4845685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4845685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4845685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4845685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116968.427063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116968.427063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 88521.448276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88521.448276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116939.700745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116939.700745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116939.700745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116939.700745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1530                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1530                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20648                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20648                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    870752412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    870752412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       697604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       697604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    871450016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    871450016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    871450016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    871450016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108020.395981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108020.395981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 77511.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77511.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107986.371252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107986.371252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107986.371252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107986.371252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
