
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.101506                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                101505935670                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               627692920434                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 226018                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   282431                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1295490                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67602968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 78353.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17709273317                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22129416165                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1379072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3613056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2485504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      3990528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      3629824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      4013568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1776256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2459904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3630720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1382272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1786240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4020352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1373696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3629696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      4004096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1368960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             44623872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           80128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11668096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11668096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        10774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        28227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        19418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        31176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        28358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        31356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        13877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        19218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        28365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        10799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        13955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        31409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        10732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        28357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        31282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        10695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                348624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           91157                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                91157                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13586122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     35594529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        45396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24486292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39313248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        49179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     35759722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        55484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     39540230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        52962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     17499036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        45396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     24234090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        49179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     35768549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13617647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        52962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     17597395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        54223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39607063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        49179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13533159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     35758461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        49179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39446915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        46657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13486502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               439618350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        45396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49179                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        49179                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        55484                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        52962                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        45396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        49179                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        52962                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        54223                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        49179                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        49179                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        46657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             789392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         114949889                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              114949889                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         114949889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        47918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13586122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        47918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     35594529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        45396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24486292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        49179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39313248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        49179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     35759722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        55484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     39540230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        52962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     17499036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        45396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     24234090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        49179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     35768549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        47918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13617647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        52962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     17597395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        54223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39607063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        49179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13533159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        46657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     35758461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        49179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39446915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        46657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13486502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              554568239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              243419511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22055442                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18362693                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1999613                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8487513                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8080818                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2372482                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93019                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191856241                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120968115                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22055442                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10453300                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25218153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5565892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6574288                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11909690                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911136                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    227196765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      201978612     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1547447      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1951354      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3092786      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1307367      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1685005      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1950671      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         893150      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12790373      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    227196765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090607                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.496953                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190725055                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      7814264                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25098029                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11878                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3547537                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3357763                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          546                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147860314                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3547537                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190918990                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        620278                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      6652518                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24916067                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       541371                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146948114                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        77629                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205226791                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683371065                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683371065                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33340257                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35619                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18571                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1903709                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13750838                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7200223                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80710                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1629831                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143468492                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35752                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137707943                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127027                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17289543                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35100905                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1361                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227196765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168845245     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26610587     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10886225      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6096972      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8266440      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2538752      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2499122      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347638      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105784      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227196765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939245     78.90%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       128308     10.78%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122837     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116011596     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883251      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12617662      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7178387      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137707943                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565723                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190390                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008644                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503930067                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160794452                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134126281                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138898333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101972                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2578904                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          668                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100887                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           48                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3547537                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        472279                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59534                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143504250                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       112074                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13750838                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7200223                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18572                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51911                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          668                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182130                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1125334                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2307464                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135309167                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12414485                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2398775                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19592192                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19139453                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7177707                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.555868                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134126733                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134126281                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80374219                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215857831                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.551009                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372348                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20281538                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2016765                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223649228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171499607     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26428425     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9591522      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4783960      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4373023      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1837870      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817114      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865826      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451881      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223649228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451881                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          364701488                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290557259                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2904384                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16222746                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.434195                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.434195                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.410813                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.410813                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608843041                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187418889                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136765992                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              243419511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19721403                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16126935                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1923100                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8360301                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7803785                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2032100                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85889                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191511414                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            111837672                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19721403                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9835885                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23454595                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5559622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3371129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11771606                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1938440                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    221931474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      198476879     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1273388      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2014052      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3191686      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1331873      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1497700      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1575093      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1031435      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11539368      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    221931474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081018                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459444                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      189767233                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5129379                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23381337                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        59667                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3593856                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3234736                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          456                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    136593575                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2958                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3593856                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      190048299                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1658442                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2647707                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23165414                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       817754                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    136514799                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        27123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       235290                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       303855                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42098                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    189518097                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    635059283                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    635059283                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    162074498                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       27443599                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        34776                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19105                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2454723                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13020773                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6995744                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212146                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1589749                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        136325833                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34873                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       129148168                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158622                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17117836                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37879071                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3263                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221931474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167463267     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21865037      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11960826      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8146876      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7614798      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2200842      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1700253      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       580669      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398906      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221931474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30151     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93126     38.62%     51.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117867     48.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108187653     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2038760      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15671      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11943603      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6962481      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    129148168                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530558                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            241144                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480627576                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153479953                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127080178                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    129389312                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       389825                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2323663                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          329                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1436                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       195478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8073                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3593856                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1105388                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       115680                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136360842                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52481                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13020773                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6995744                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19083                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        85360                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1436                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1125855                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1093689                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2219544                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127318841                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11233753                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1829327                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18194510                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17917753                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6960757                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.523043                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            127081219                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           127080178                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        74307065                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       194110041                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.522062                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382809                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95202057                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    116693437                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19667629                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31610                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1963891                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218337618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170963961     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22940924     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8932265      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4811810      2.20%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3608278      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2012426      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1237582      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1111157      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2719215      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218337618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     95202057                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    116693437                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             17497376                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10697110                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             15770                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         16750791                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       105149574                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2370617                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2719215                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          351978832                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         276316175                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3087294                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              21488037                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          95202057                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           116693437                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     95202057                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.556872                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.556872                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.391103                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.391103                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      574179426                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     176158005                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     127401213                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        31582                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              243419511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19764873                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16210909                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1939914                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8286827                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7734943                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030606                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87568                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188871472                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            112295159                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19764873                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9765549                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24715551                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5485940                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      6283737                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11632616                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1924232                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    223386776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      198671225     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2679953      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3111419      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1706214      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1958057      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1084901      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         734799      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1908090      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11532118      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    223386776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081197                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461324                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      187337659                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      7846544                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24508339                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       196324                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3497908                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3205145                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18108                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    137079736                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        89511                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3497908                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      187637550                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2819985                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      4186781                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24417118                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       827432                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    136994140                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       212937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       384913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           60                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    190428360                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    637838412                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    637838412                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    162847858                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       27580502                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        36145                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20241                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2205965                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13072317                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7125039                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       187861                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1571415                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        136797623                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36227                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       129386409                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       176074                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16905430                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38927415                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4236                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223386776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168846816     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21954086      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11793459      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8147040      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7123443      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3641987      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       885342      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       568298      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       426305      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223386776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34772     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117957     42.43%     54.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125306     45.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108314961     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2021344      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15859      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11959529      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7074716      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    129386409                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531537                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            278035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482613703                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153740486                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127243980                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    129664444                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       328088                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2281675                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          810                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1208                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       143305                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7930                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3497908                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2345043                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143023                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136833969                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50794                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13072317                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7125039                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20250                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101029                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1208                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1129148                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1084346                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2213494                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127477399                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11236254                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1909010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18309391                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17844851                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7073137                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523694                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            127246074                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           127243980                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        75637364                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       198036202                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.522735                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381937                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95629070                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    117325300                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19509904                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31991                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1951048                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219888868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171962187     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22224315     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9310663      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5599893      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3873666      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2507312      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1296448      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1045004      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2069380      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219888868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     95629070                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    117325300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             17772376                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10790642                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             15960                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16791211                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       105773524                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2386990                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2069380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          354654042                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         277168388                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2893526                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              20032735                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          95629070                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           117325300                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     95629070                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.545455                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.545455                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392857                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392857                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      575082429                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     176616386                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     127950612                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        31962                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              243419511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       18902459                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17056835                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       996823                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7915324                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6776183                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046951                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44194                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200693444                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            118910970                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          18902459                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      7823134                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            23525075                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       3112799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4814102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11523066                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1001997                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    231123551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      207598476     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         841839      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1716284      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         725031      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        3913344      1.69%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3482991      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         683780      0.30%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1407869      0.61%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10753937      4.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    231123551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077654                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.488502                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      199563151                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      5956552                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        23439091                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        74318                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      2090434                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1658413                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          497                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    139442385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2713                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      2090434                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      199764810                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       4291984                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1029093                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23325712                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       621513                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    139370128                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           87                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       265090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       224134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6569                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    163634747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    656475707                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    656475707                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    145270521                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       18364218                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        16187                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1563600                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     32907306                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     16647698                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152103                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       806584                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        139101634                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16237                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       133848092                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69687                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10600529                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25205053                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231123551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183549531     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14258349      6.17%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11696845      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5050508      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6394812      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6201464      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3520172      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       278031      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173839      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231123551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338613     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2640658     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76518      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83960569     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1167290      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8014      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32101927     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16610292     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    133848092                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.549866                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3055789                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022830                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501945210                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149721807                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132705008                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    136903881                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241462                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1263782                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          563                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3416                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102404                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11855                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      2090434                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       3937377                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       175800                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139117962                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1370                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32907306                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16647698                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119481                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          117                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3416                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       586367                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       581849                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1168216                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132909923                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31992199                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       938168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           48600854                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17412628                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         16608655                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.546012                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            132709202                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           132705008                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        71668901                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       141164437                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.545170                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507698                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107826430                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    126713914                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12416940                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1018898                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229033117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183093492     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16752871      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7869433      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7771747      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2116336      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9049071      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676212      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492675      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1211280      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229033117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    107826430                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    126713914                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             48188815                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            31643521                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              8064                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16733341                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       112679042                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1227365                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1211280                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          366952366                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         280352408                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4405091                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              12295960                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         107826430                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           126713914                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    107826430                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.257512                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.257512                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.442965                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.442965                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      657117844                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     154111060                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     166086575                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        16128                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              243419511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19712057                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16120197                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1924887                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8357950                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7800551                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030502                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85622                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191451560                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            111801961                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19712057                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9831053                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23445353                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5567291                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      3372562                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11769917                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1939902                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    221869676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      198424323     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1272500      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2010946      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3190677      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1331981      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1496707      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1576049      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1031638      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11534855      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    221869676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.080980                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.459297                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      189706095                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      5132054                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23372075                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        59729                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3599721                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3232326                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          455                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    136550739                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2942                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3599721                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      189985770                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1659316                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      2654023                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23157433                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       813411                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    136472403                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents        26784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       235749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       302639                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39734                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    189460367                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    634864431                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    634864431                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    161969870                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27490497                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        34757                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19096                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2450152                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13017267                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6992392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211922                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1588380                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        136283999                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34858                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       129088679                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       159271                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17147374                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37970436                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3269                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221869676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167425705     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21856216      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11956858      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8139428      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7612470      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2201408      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1698337      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       580511      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398743      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221869676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30118     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92970     38.61%     51.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117730     48.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108137738     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2037851      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15660      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11938651      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6958779      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    129088679                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.530314                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240818                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480447123                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153467643                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127021578                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    129329497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       389987                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2327072                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          374                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1435                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       196552                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8085                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3599721                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1103105                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116367                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136318994                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47777                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13017267                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6992392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19081                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        85954                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1435                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1128378                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1094568                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2222946                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127260036                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11228458                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1828643                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18185493                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17908584                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6957035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.522801                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            127022551                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           127021578                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        74268388                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       194015684                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.521822                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382796                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95140517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    116617999                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19701217                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31589                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1965692                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218269955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170924228     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22927487     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8929424      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4808536      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3604353      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2011308      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1237822      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1109204      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2717593      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218269955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     95140517                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    116617999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             17486035                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10690195                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             15760                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16739953                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       105081612                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2369086                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2717593                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          351870941                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         276238337                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3088746                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              21549835                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          95140517                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           116617999                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     95140517                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.558526                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.558526                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.390850                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.390850                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      573912420                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     176077477                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     127358199                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        31560                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              243419511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       18901111                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17055294                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       997792                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8087310                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6775191                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046533                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44440                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200664671                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            118894011                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          18901111                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      7821724                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23521591                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       3114077                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      4823866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11522204                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1002998                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    231101481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      207579890     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         840885      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1715940      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         724616      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        3914077      1.69%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3482577      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         684754      0.30%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1408427      0.61%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10750315      4.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    231101481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077648                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.488433                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      199534227                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5966590                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23435125                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        74692                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      2090842                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1658728                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          512                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    139420243                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2784                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      2090842                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      199736579                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       4303783                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1026570                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23321460                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       622242                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    139347881                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       265573                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       224625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5309                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    163606786                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    656357762                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    656357762                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    145241213                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       18365567                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        16190                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1567504                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     32898810                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores     16643737                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151964                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       804573                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        139079262                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16240                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       133820617                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69358                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10596267                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25215848                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           91                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231101481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183538028     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14256625      6.17%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11690497      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5049542      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6396325      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6198798      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3520245      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277756      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173665      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231101481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338552     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2639472     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76543      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83948043     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1166540      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8012      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32091822     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16606200     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    133820617                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.549753                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3054567                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022826                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501866640                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149695178                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132677939                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    136875184                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240858                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1262166                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          571                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3418                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102030                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11851                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      2090842                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       3948956                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       176224                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139095588                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1394                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32898810                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16643737                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8178                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119696                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          152                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3418                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       586940                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       582082                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1169022                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132881861                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31982983                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       938756                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           48587568                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17410004                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores         16604585                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.545897                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            132682086                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           132677939                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        71650129                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       141133753                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.545059                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.507675                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107804277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    126687939                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12421117                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16149                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1019757                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229010639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183079807     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16750469      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7867072      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7771141      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2115528      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9046653      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676552      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492122      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1211295      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229010639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    107804277                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    126687939                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             48178343                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            31636641                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8062                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16729973                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       112655954                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1227146                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1211295                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          366908075                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         280309200                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4405044                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              12318030                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         107804277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           126687939                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    107804277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.257976                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.257976                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.442874                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.442874                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      656970803                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     154079135                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     166057535                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16124                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              243419511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       20055914                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16409978                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1960035                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8209817                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7885090                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2072599                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89157                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193168105                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            112196751                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          20055914                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9957689                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23408773                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5354815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      4627369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11818480                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1961802                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    224573543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      201164770     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1087711      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1729707      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2347071      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2413966      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        2042224      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1144862      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1704625      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10938607      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    224573543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082392                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460919                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      191201597                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      6610732                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23366671                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        25617                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3368925                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3301557                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    137660835                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1977                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3368925                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      191722924                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1363968                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      4043999                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        22877635                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles      1196089                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    137616205                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       163422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       521456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    192042355                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    640207223                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    640207223                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    166497202                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       25545148                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        34126                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17758                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         3578671                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12868522                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6982326                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82478                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1676782                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        137461285                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34247                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       130545100                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17816                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15187331                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36364889                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1235                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224573543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169322929     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22732594     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11500659      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8679704      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6821948      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2755179      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1735992      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       903867      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120671      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224573543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24815     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79455     36.70%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112237     51.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109793345     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1950754      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16365      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11824269      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6960367      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    130545100                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.536297                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216507                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485898066                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152683396                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128591248                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    130761607                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       266960                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2052100                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          148                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          536                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101190                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3368925                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1091452                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116847                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137495672                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12868522                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6982326                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17761                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98822                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          536                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1140569                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1102124                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2242693                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128746204                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11126488                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1798896                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18086585                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18292694                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6960097                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.528907                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            128591448                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           128591248                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        73811178                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       198890650                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.528270                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371114                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97056924                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    119427585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18068107                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33012                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1984787                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221204618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172206922     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24289885     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9171865      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4372305      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3690573      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114498      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1845512      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       835263      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2677795      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221204618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     97056924                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    119427585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             17697555                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10816419                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             16468                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17221534                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       107602929                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2459277                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2677795                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          356021839                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         278360372                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2927094                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              18845968                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          97056924                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           119427585                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     97056924                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.508008                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.508008                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.398723                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.398723                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      579454619                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     179126427                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     127628746                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        32984                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              243419511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19768192                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16213616                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1939860                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8294107                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7735838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030996                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87449                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188865341                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            112310060                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19768192                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9766834                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24719355                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5488641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6276635                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11632891                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1924657                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    223380058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      198660703     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2681084      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        3109506      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1707342      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1958849      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1083745      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         736461      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1909097      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11533271      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    223380058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081210                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461385                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      187334061                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      7836847                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24512858                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       195696                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3500594                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3205599                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        18133                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    137103950                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        89560                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3500594                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      187632486                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2836343                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      4161504                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24421948                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       827181                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    137019372                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       214304                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       384024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           16                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    190459709                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    637954060                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    637954060                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    162848122                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       27611557                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        36219                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20316                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2202847                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13082369                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7125578                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186934                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1568514                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        136823408                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36305                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       129399448                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       178623                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16929779                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39011582                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4315                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223380058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168836026     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21959172      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11790007      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8145789      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7124317      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3644596      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       885220      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       568121      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       426810      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223380058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35016     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119074     42.56%     55.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125660     44.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108319665     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2021179      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15859      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11966872      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7075873      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    129399448                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.531590                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            279750                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482637322                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153790711                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127252981                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    129679198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       328227                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2291705                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          746                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1220                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       143835                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7928                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3500594                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2361193                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143183                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136859833                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50655                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13082369                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7125578                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20325                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101122                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1220                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1128769                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1084100                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2212869                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127489549                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11240197                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1909894                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18314559                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       17844862                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7074362                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.523744                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            127255208                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           127252981                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        75641834                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       198059985                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.522772                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381914                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95629225                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    117325497                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19535672                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31990                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1951002                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219879464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171952404     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22224722     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9313233      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5597780      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3873919      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2505114      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1296976      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1044661      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2070655      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219879464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     95629225                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    117325497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             17772404                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10790661                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             15960                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         16791241                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       105773700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2386994                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2070655                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          354669328                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         277223026                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2894040                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              20039453                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          95629225                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           117325497                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     95629225                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.545451                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.545451                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.392858                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.392858                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      575134240                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     176630264                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     127967636                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        31960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              243419511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19718041                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16124278                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1923312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8357471                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7803991                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2031639                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85922                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191484150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            111822828                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19718041                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9835630                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23451923                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5560575                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3348460                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11770171                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1938311                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    221879630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      198427707     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1273466      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2012517      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3190356      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1333198      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1498676      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1576675      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1031308      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11535727      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    221879630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081004                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.459383                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      189738853                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      5108049                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23378475                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        59636                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3594615                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3234193                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          457                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    136575062                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2979                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3594615                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      190018966                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1656161                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2633769                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23163765                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       812352                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    136496396                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        26693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       235643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       302614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39471                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    189491283                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    634980495                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    634980495                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    162043581                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       27447702                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        34797                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2447225                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13019144                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6993597                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211991                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1588558                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        136307356                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34896                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       129121320                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158651                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17123422                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37922879                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3294                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221879630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167421353     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21860610      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11960500      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8143340      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7614487      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2201541      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1698882      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       580591      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398326      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221879630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30178     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93307     38.69%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117707     48.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108164883     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2038511      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15668      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11941560      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6960698      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    129121320                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530448                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            241192                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480522113                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153467081                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127055437                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    129362512                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       391596                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2324057                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          360                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1435                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       194633                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8037                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3594615                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1101934                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116067                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136342381                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13019144                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6993597                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19110                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        85844                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1435                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1126464                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1093354                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2219818                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127293966                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11231757                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1827354                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 129                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18190931                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17914263                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6959174                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.522941                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            127056418                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           127055437                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        74288476                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       194072521                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.521961                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382787                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95183825                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    116671205                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19671378                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31602                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1964090                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218285015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170920328     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22936458     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8931656      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4810188      2.20%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3607403      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2011445      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1238369      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1109524      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2719644      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218285015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     95183825                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    116671205                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             17494051                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10695087                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15766                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16747649                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       105129506                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2370170                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2719644                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          351907317                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         276279986                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3087565                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              21539881                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          95183825                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           116671205                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     95183825                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.557362                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.557362                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.391028                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.391028                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      574066733                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     176121664                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     127383308                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        31574                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              243419511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22048446                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18357068                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1999623                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8502611                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8085293                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2373121                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93039                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191856218                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            120940405                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22048446                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10458414                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25217532                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5560037                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6569434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11909487                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911276                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    227185422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      201967890     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1547303      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1955530      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3095294      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1307599      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1683336      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1951136      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         891508      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12785826      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    227185422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090578                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.496839                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      190725720                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      7808801                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25097467                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        11735                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3541697                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3356375                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          541                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    147824036                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2610                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3541697                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      190919473                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        621053                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      6647603                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24915710                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       539882                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    146909961                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        77674                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       377031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    205180731                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    683219042                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    683219042                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    171886951                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       33293775                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        35649                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18601                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1897532                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13744319                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7198167                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80690                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1632478                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143425766                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35778                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       137686692                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       126415                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17262253                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35017225                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1387                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227185422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168835927     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26614705     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10885343      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6097402      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8261777      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2537873      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2499965      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346608      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105822      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227185422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938800     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127644     10.73%     89.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122795     10.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115991620     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883221      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12618812      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7175992      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    137686692                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565635                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1189239                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008637                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503874460                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160724470                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134104332                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    138875931                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101656                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2572355                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          676                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98812                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           50                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3541697                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        473060                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59544                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143461551                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114486                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13744319                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7198167                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18602                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52019                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          676                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1185163                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1121637                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2306800                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135287801                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12414250                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2398891                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19589355                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19136210                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7175105                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.555780                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            134104887                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           134104332                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        80361179                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       215834934                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.550919                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372327                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000264                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223630                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20238418                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2016755                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223643724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171492535     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26428723     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592550      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4784388      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4373997      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1837626      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1816493      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865729      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451683      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223643724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    100000264                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    123223630                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18271319                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11171964                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17860954                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110941417                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2544547                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2451683                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          364653387                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         290465877                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2904146                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              16234089                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         100000264                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           123223630                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    100000264                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.434189                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.434189                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.410814                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.410814                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      608757320                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     187390423                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     136734966                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              243419511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       20061015                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16413721                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1958563                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8202336                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7882978                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2072850                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89157                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193154906                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            112221343                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          20061015                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9955828                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            23411870                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5354549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      4622091                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11816690                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1960348                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    224559380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      201147510     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1087026      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1727701      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2348787      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2414287      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2044074      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1142623      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1703233      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10944139      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    224559380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082413                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461020                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      191188754                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6604784                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        23369808                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        25911                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3370122                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3302996                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    137694651                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1985                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3370122                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      191709549                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1361479                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      4041362                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        22881516                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1195349                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    137650625                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       163263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       521228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    192090915                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    640362960                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    640362960                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    166529324                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       25561591                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        34153                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17783                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3580764                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     12873733                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6983184                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82279                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1706679                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        137496667                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34277                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       130569851                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17888                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15202240                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36413841                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1257                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224559380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169281349     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22758585     10.13%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11510607      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8670962      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6820080      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2755455      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1737421      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904323      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120598      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224559380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24901     11.50%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79460     36.69%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112213     51.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109815203     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1951205      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16368      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11825972      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6961103      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    130569851                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536398                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485933544                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152733719                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128614157                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    130786425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268559                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2055237                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          142                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          537                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3370122                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1088846                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116878                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137531088                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10984                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12873733                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6983184                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17783                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98873                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          537                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1138250                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1102102                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2240352                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128769397                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11128692                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1800454                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           18089524                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       18297282                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6960832                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.529002                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            128614381                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           128614157                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        73828001                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       198935584                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528364                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371115                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97075663                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    119450592                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18080529                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33020                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1983321                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221189258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172164694     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24313393     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9168733      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4374198      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3703212      1.67%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114088      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1838683      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       836303      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2675954      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221189258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     97075663                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    119450592                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             17700945                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            10818496                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             16472                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17224835                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       107623664                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2459746                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2675954                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          356043749                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         278432418                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2926430                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              18860131                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          97075663                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           119450592                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     97075663                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.507524                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.507524                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398800                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398800                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      579556788                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     179155299                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     127655548                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        32992                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              243419511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18924932                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17076962                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       991175                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7160376                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6769339                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047127                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44037                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200684001                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            119060269                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18924932                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      7816466                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23542990                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3110425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      4855579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11517410                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       996141                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    231177101                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      207634111     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         839610      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1717860      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         722938      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        3914880      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3481212      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         678586      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1411970      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10775934      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    231177101                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077746                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.489116                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      199552681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5999190                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23456254                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        74947                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2094024                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1661118                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          507                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    139606680                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2766                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2094024                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      199755808                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       4333288                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1029135                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23342538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       622303                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    139534231                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           80                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       266178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       225622                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3785                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    163811736                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    657241812                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    657241812                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    145410705                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       18401028                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16199                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8176                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1569028                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     32930974                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     16661096                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152071                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       808487                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        139266435                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16250                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       133940800                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69760                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10669023                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25566049                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231177101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183603733     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14234664      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11690626      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5054019      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6409036      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6208983      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3524374      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277804      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173862      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231177101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338899     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2643240     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76554      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84011677     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1170119      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8021      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32126251     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16624732     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    133940800                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.550247                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3058693                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502187154                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149955097                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132801693                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    136999493                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240096                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1256186                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          541                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3401                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99507                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11863                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2094024                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       3980131                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       177628                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139282769                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32930974                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16661096                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8178                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       121042                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           89                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3401                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       578337                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583423                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1161760                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133007084                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32016902                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       933716                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           48640304                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17426027                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         16623402                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.546411                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            132805920                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           132801693                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        71714136                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       141262028                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.545567                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507667                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107931337                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    126836941                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12459510                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16169                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1012937                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229083077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183107668     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16763420      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7869598      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7782843      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2117351      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9058965      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       675478      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       493333      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1214421      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229083077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    107931337                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    126836941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             48236377                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            31674788                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8072                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         16749556                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       112788377                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1228514                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1214421                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          367164782                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         280687172                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4400442                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              12242410                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         107931337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           126836941                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    107931337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.255318                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.255318                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443396                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443396                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      657581475                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     154208846                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     166273749                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              243419511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       22052470                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18361041                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2002121                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8530310                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8083293                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2373439                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92978                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191839203                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            120950785                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          22052470                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10456732                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            25220698                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5572645                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      6577653                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11911613                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913803                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    227189897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      201969199     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1547831      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1953484      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3093473      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1308608      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1685884      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1951079      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         892264      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12788075      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    227189897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090595                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.496882                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      190707950                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      7817703                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25100617                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        11807                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3551818                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3356504                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          525                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    147855474                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2245                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3551818                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      190901918                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        620702                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      6655795                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24918458                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       541202                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    146942022                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        77802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       377867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    205215421                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    683356157                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    683356157                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    171840485                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       33374899                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        35753                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18710                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1904873                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13762633                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7196691                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80403                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1632450                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        143461522                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35882                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       137685620                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127141                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17320225                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35203249                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1503                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227189897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168846339     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26608247     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10883487      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6098417      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8262785      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2538995      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2497991      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1348001      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105635      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227189897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        937973     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129049     10.85%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122783     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115993402     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1882287      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17042      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12618363      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7174526      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    137685620                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.565631                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1189805                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008641                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503878081                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160818291                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134099048                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    138875425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101435                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2593691                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          665                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99267                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           61                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3551818                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        472310                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59445                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143497412                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113925                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13762633                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7196691                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18711                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51925                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          665                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1184786                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1124944                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2309730                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135283069                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12411959                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2402549                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           19585773                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19134640                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7173814                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.555761                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            134099476                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           134099048                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        80364451                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       215868328                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.550897                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372285                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99973170                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    123190289                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20307623                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34379                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2019270                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223638079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171498933     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26424372     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9591281      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4782336      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4372059      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1834615      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817722      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865384      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451377      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223638079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99973170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    123190289                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18266366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11168942                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             17150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17856145                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       110911369                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2543855                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2451377                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          364683912                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         290547671                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2908085                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              16229614                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99973170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           123190289                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99973170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.434848                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.434848                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.410703                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.410703                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      608718971                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     187386818                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     136741756                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        34350                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              243419511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19716292                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16122999                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1923782                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8360287                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7799320                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2029835                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85665                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191470447                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            111828589                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19716292                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9829155                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23450006                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5564298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      3369371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11770087                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1938949                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    221888155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      198438149     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1273298      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2010950      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3191113      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1332042      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1497742      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1574889      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1032884      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11537088      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    221888155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.080997                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.459407                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      189725330                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5128609                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23376826                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        59543                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3597845                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3233765                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          461                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    136577412                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2968                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3597845                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      190005182                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1659554                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      2647488                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23162072                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       816012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    136500186                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        26777                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       236082                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       303387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41746                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    189508479                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    634986715                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    634986715                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    162019744                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       27488717                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        34721                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19052                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2452969                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13015550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6992813                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212026                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1589828                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        136312866                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34822                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       129115981                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158476                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17140862                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37958823                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3226                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221888155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167431992     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21858926      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11959358      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8146911      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7614018      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2198803      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1698198      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581261      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398688      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221888155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30013     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92757     38.59%     51.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117615     48.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108164743     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2038620      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15665      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11937403      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6959550      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    129115981                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530426                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240385                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480518978                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153489956                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127052034                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    129356366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       390691                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2322071                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          363                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1432                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       194883                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8054                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3597845                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1105059                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116485                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136347824                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46478                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13015550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6992813                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19039                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86080                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1432                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1125581                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1095257                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2220838                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127289731                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11230076                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1826250                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18188000                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17913358                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6957924                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.522923                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            127053026                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           127052034                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        74289774                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       194060302                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.521947                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382818                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95169772                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    116653909                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19694166                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31596                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1964573                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218290310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387897                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170928450     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22935241     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8930716      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4813240      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3605551      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2011387      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1238609      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1110205      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2716911      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218290310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     95169772                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    116653909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             17491409                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10693479                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15764                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16745132                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       105113926                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2369808                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2716911                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          351920837                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         276294210                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3087699                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              21531356                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          95169772                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           116653909                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     95169772                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.557740                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.557740                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390970                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390970                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      574044432                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     176121493                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     127387337                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        31566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              243419511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18930289                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17081600                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       990908                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7171699                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6769147                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046833                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43863                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200716002                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            119096611                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18930289                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      7815980                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            23549584                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       3110371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      4862969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11519152                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       995884                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    231223267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      207673683     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         840192      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1715814      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         725786      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        3915845      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3482232      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         677516      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1411859      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10780340      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    231223267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077768                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.489265                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      199582114                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      6009082                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        23463137                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        74722                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      2094207                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1661726                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          505                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    139648819                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2751                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      2094207                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      199784833                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       4342461                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1030757                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23349534                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       621470                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    139576480                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       266279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       225033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3556                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    163859323                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    657435497                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    657435497                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    145454312                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       18404923                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        16206                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8179                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1567483                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     32939428                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores     16665899                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151435                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       808269                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        139306283                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16256                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       133979700                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69754                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10674506                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25568801                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           83                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231223267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183633389     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14241500      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11696125      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5053606      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6410724      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6211442      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3524364      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       278094      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174023      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231223267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339111     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2643685     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76637      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84036530     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1170795      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8024      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32135007     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16629344     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    133979700                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.550407                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3059433                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502311852                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150000451                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132841094                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    137039133                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240263                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1256249                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          555                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3412                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99865                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11861                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      2094207                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       3988087                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       177559                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139322619                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32939428                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16665899                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       120986                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           99                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3412                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       578270                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583507                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1161777                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133046509                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32025663                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       933189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  80                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           48653665                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17431638                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores         16628002                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.546573                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            132845367                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           132841094                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        71735483                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       141307613                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.545729                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.507655                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107962507                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    126873856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12462126                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1012691                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229129060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183140562     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16768540      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7871857      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7785150      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2117960      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9059966      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676117      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       493484      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1215424      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229129060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    107962507                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    126873856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             48249200                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            31683173                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8074                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         16754511                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       112821244                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1228925                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      1215424                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          367249293                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         280766475                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4400931                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              12196244                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         107962507                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           126873856                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    107962507                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.254667                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.254667                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.443524                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.443524                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      657773037                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     154253677                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     166323046                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        16148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              243419511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       22055610                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18364254                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2001465                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8501127                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081738                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2373817                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93126                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191861256                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            120966983                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          22055610                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10455555                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            25221612                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5571017                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      6565197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11911551                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913022                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    227199440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      201977828     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1547105      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1952690      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3094194      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1308847      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1684402      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1950260      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         892239      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12791875      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    227199440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090607                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.496949                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      190732646                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      7802716                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        25101330                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        11903                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3550843                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3356385                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          532                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    147872683                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2633                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3550843                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      190925933                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        620444                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      6642076                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24919959                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       540181                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    146960822                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        78016                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       376953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    205244257                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    683442018                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    683442018                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    171865911                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       33378310                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        35673                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18627                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1898086                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13762794                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7197670                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80977                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1633810                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        143478564                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35805                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       137706271                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       126920                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17313126                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35181670                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227199440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168849051     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26608831     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10885419      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6099063      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8265322      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2541174      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2497364      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347657      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105559      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227199440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938193     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129237     10.86%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122808     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116011564     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883144      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17045      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12618610      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7175908      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    137706271                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.565716                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190238                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008643                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503929140                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160828159                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134121381                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    138896509                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102623                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2592211                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99191                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           39                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3550843                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        472190                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59172                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143514374                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113004                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13762794                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7197670                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18628                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51656                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1184429                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1124935                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2309364                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135306134                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12414330                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2400137                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           19589678                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19138110                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7175348                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.555856                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            134121736                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           134121381                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        80374882                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       215886345                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.550989                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372302                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99987989                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    123208491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20306443                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34388                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2018606                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223648597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171504909     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26426351     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592141      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4780221      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4373416      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835474      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817954      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866611      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451520      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223648597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     99987989                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    123208491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18269053                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11170581                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             17154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17858761                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       110927787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2544234                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2451520                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          364711309                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         290580760                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2907479                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              16220071                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          99987989                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           123208491                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     99987989                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.434488                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.434488                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.410764                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.410764                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      608823375                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     187418383                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     136760697                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        34360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         348745                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.901639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2701378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         381486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           7.081198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           179.208057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.361348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   954.875036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.657677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1904.690784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.613632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1622.754339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.799506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  2474.987234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.770764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1937.354919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.099330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  2493.905007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     4.076305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1177.165884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.769106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1625.185319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.220191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1919.035952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.950110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   952.947153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.809647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1158.926953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.215782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2452.017660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.951719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   944.379327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.730326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1917.972955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.000818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  2478.557670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.518625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   945.557135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           269.928397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           416.895623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           357.874783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           385.729549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           386.702692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           379.276565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           297.957158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           360.725019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           390.794878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           274.345326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           311.140490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           401.321267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           278.694156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           394.963012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           389.452397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           278.034061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.005469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.029140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.058127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.049523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.075531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.059123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.076108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.035924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.049597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.058564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.029082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.035368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.074830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.028820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.058532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.075640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.028856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.008238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.012723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.011772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.011801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.011575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.009093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.011008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.011926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.008372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.009495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.012247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.008505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.012053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.008485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        46836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        40748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        46664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        40830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        24351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        46775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        24392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        46776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        24434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  567962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           178173                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                178173                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          125                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2198                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        46908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        40877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        46736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        40957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        24554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        46844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        24595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        46844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        24637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   570160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24602                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34381                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        46908                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        40877                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        46736                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25849                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34518                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        40957                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        24554                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25779                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        46844                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        24595                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40943                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        46844                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        24637                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  570160                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        31172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        31353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        31275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                348588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        31176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        31356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        31282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 348624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28227                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        31176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28358                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        31356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13877                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19218                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28365                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10799                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13955                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31409                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28357                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        31282                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                348624                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5966136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1763893031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5684131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4616917726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5338272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3186962772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5821623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5068229895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5770453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4646222369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6840323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5093364703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6411936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2260481466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5314440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3163546013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5943607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4643061124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5560885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1768665249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6369681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2273102033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6559510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5097170945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5926765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1757033746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5558660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4643114298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6000496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5088958350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5492776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1747855173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56913138587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       165791                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1214144                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       682838                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       442618                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       408456                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       284456                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       966896                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       461374                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1169472                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       5796045                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5966136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1763893031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5684131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4617083517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5338272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3188176916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5821623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5068912733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5770453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4646222369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6840323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5093807321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6411936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2260481466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5314440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3163954469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5943607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4643345580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5560885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1768665249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6369681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2273102033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6559510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5098137841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5926765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1757033746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5558660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4643575672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6000496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5090127822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5492776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1747855173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      56918934632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5966136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1763893031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5684131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4617083517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5338272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3188176916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5821623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5068912733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5770453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4646222369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6840323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5093807321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6411936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2260481466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5314440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3163954469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5943607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4643345580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5560885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1768665249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6369681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2273102033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6559510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5098137841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5926765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1757033746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5558660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4643575672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6000496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5090127822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5492776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1747855173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     56918934632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        69213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        53645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        78008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        69106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        78017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        39576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        53583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        78178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        35124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        78051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        35129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              916550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       178173                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            178173                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2234                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        69341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        53799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        78084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        69235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        78092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        39726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        53736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        78253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        35327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        78126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        35332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               918784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        69341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        53799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        78084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        69235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        78092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        39726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        53736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        78253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        35327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        78126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        35332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              918784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.306332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.407814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.399600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.410355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.358603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.409911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.307226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.401686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.409906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.400700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.380326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.007812                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.045455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.040000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019608                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015504                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.080000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.023438                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.093333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.016115                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.304557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.407075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.399262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.409591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.357637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.409177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.305462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.401378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.303790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.409192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.400404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.302700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.379441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.304557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.407075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.399262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.409591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.357637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.409177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.305462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.401378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.303790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.409192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.400404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.302700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.379441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157003.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163717.563672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149582.394737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163569.677815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148285.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164183.337901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149272.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162589.179231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 147960.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163841.680267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155461.886364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162452.227953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152665.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162894.102904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147623.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164639.396982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152400.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163701.340620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146339.078947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163780.465691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151659.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162887.999498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152546.744186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162314.777091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151968.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163719.133992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150234.054054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163755.177329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153858.871795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162716.494005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148453.405405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163427.318654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163267.635682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       165791                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 173449.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 170709.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 147539.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       136152                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       142228                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161149.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 153791.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 167067.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161001.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157003.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163717.563672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149582.394737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163569.756510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148285.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164186.678134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149272.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162590.221100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 147960.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163841.680267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155461.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162450.801154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152665.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162894.102904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147623.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164634.949995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152400.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163699.826547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146339.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163780.465691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151659.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162887.999498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152546.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162314.554459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151968.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163719.133992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150234.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163754.123215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153858.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162717.467617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148453.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163427.318654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163267.401648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157003.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163717.563672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149582.394737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163569.756510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148285.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164186.678134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149272.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162590.221100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 147960.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163841.680267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155461.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162450.801154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152665.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162894.102904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147623.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164634.949995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152400.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163699.826547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146339.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163780.465691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151659.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162887.999498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152546.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162314.554459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151968.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163719.133992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150234.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163754.123215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153858.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162717.467617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148453.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163427.318654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163267.401648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                91157                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     91157                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        31172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        31353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        31275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           348588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        31176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        31356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        31282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            348624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        31176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        31356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        31282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           348624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3756720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1136598824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3474203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2973521645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3243533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2056523138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3553081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3253922227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3496395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2995023422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4282181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3268443427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3967409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1452488965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3220055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2044534212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3673475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2991612262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3349739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1139924641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3929141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1460569196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4063571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3269309655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3661756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1132203310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3407401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2992075090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3730128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3268770918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3341368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1125117277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36618788365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       107627                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       806765                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       449533                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       268254                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       232931                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       168133                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       616207                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       286484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       760777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3696711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3756720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1136598824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3474203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2973629272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3243533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2057329903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3553081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3254371760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3496395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2995023422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4282181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3268711681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3967409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1452488965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3220055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2044767143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3673475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2991780395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3349739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1139924641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3929141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1460569196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4063571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3269925862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3661756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1132203310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3407401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2992361574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3730128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3269531695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3341368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1125117277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36622485076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3756720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1136598824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3474203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2973629272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3243533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2057329903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3553081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3254371760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3496395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2995023422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4282181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3268711681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3967409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1452488965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3220055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2044767143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3673475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2991780395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3349739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1139924641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3929141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1460569196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4063571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3269925862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3661756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1132203310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3407401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2992361574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3730128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3269531695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3341368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1125117277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36622485076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.306332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.407814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.399600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.410355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.358603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.409911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.307226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.352524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.401686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.409906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.400700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.380326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.007812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.045455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.080000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.023438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.093333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.304557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.407075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.399262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.409591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.357637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.409177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.305462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.401378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.303790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.409192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.400404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.302700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.379441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.304557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.407075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.399262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.409591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.357637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.409177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.305462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.401378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.303790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.409192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.400404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.302700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.379441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98861.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105494.600334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91426.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105346.901616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90098.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105946.274690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91104.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104386.058867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 89651.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105614.762042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97322.295455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104246.592894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94462.119048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104668.801974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 89445.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106403.029508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94191.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105475.875683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88151.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105558.351792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93550.976190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104662.787245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94501.651163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104108.195236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93891.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105497.885762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92091.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105525.678564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95644.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104517.055731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90307.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105200.306405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105048.906919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       107627                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115252.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112383.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        89418                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 77643.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84066.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102701.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95494.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108682.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102686.416667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98861.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105494.600334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91426.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105346.982393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90098.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105949.629365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91104.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104387.084937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 89651.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105614.762042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97322.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104245.174161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94462.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104668.801974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 89445.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106398.540067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94191.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105474.366120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88151.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105558.351792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93550.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104662.787245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94501.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104107.926454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93891.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105497.885762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92091.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105524.617343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95644.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104517.987820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90307.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105200.306405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105048.662961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98861.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105494.600334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91426.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105346.982393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90098.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105949.629365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91104.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104387.084937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 89651.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105614.762042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97322.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104245.174161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94462.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104668.801974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 89445.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106398.540067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94191.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105474.366120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88151.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105558.351792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93550.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104662.787245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94501.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104107.926454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93891.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105497.885762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92091.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105524.617343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95644.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104517.987820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90307.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105200.306405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105048.662961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              494.355173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011917735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2044278.252525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    39.355173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.063069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11909635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11909635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11909635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11909635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11909635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11909635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9809585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9809585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9809585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9809585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9809585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9809585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11909690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11909690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11909690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11909690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11909690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11909690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178356.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178356.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178356.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178356.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178356.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178356.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7697681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7697681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7697681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7697681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7697681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7697681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 192442.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192442.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 192442.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192442.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 192442.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192442.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35376                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163370366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4584.933936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.477626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.522374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9505957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9505957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062538                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062538                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18295                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18295                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16568495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16568495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16568495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16568495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2081                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2081                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        92675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92675                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        92675                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9823207855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9823207855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    141953650                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    141953650                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9965161505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9965161505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9965161505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9965161505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9596551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9596551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18295                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18295                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16661170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16661170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16661170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16661170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108431.108628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108431.108628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 68214.151850                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68214.151850                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107528.044295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107528.044295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107528.044295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107528.044295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       159107                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 17678.555556                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3513060255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3513060255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     16115394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16115394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3529175649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3529175649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3529175649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3529175649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99885.139888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99885.139888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78611.678049                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78611.678049                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99761.862534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99761.862534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99761.862534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99761.862534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              527.415939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1014439238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1917654.514178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.415939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.059961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11771557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11771557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11771557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11771557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11771557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11771557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7866443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7866443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7866443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7866443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7866443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7866443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11771606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11771606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11771606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11771606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11771606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11771606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160539.653061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160539.653061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160539.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160539.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160539.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160539.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6353645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6353645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6353645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6353645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6353645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6353645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162913.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162913.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162913.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162913.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162913.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162913.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                69341                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              180357466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                69597                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2591.454603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.110101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.889899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8169775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8169775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6767587                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6767587                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18905                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18905                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14937362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       14937362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14937362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      14937362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       176609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          776                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          776                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       177385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       177385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       177385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       177385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21661762286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21661762286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     67399865                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67399865                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21729162151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21729162151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21729162151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21729162151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8346384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8346384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6768363                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6768363                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18905                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18905                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        15791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15114747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15114747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15114747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15114747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122653.784835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122653.784835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86855.496134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86855.496134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122497.179305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122497.179305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122497.179305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122497.179305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8428                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8428                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       107396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       107396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       108044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       108044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       108044                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       108044                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        69213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        69341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        69341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7670835166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7670835166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8644173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8644173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7679479339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7679479339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7679479339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7679479339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110829.398610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110829.398610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 67532.601562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67532.601562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110749.474899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110749.474899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110749.474899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110749.474899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              517.710607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1009852317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1945765.543353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.710607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.057229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11632572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11632572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11632572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11632572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11632572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11632572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7024970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7024970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7024970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7024970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7024970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7024970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11632616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11632616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11632616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11632616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11632616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11632616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159658.409091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159658.409091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159658.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159658.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159658.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159658.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6140475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6140475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6140475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6140475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6140475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6140475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165958.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165958.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165958.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165958.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165958.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165958.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                53799                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              171681607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                54055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3176.054149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.596701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.403299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8198181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8198181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6943804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6943804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17263                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17263                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15981                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15981                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15141985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15141985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15141985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15141985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       183989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       187695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       187695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       187695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       187695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  24134369105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24134369105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    469824845                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    469824845                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  24604193950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24604193950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  24604193950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24604193950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8382170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8382170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6947510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6947510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17263                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17263                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        15981                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15981                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15329680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15329680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15329680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15329680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 131172.891341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131172.891341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126774.108203                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126774.108203                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 131086.038254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131086.038254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 131086.038254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131086.038254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18032                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           18032                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       130344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       133896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       133896                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133896                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        53645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        53799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        53799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5701741011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5701741011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11243108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11243108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5712984119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5712984119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5712984119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5712984119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106286.532035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106286.532035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 73007.194805                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73007.194805                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106191.269708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106191.269708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106191.269708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106191.269708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              578.997909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1039238338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1782570.048027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    37.885645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.112264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.060714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11523017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11523017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11523017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11523017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11523017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11523017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8005886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8005886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8005886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8005886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8005886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8005886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11523066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11523066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11523066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11523066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11523066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11523066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163385.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163385.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163385.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163385.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163385.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163385.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6646432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6646432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6646432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6646432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6646432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6646432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166160.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166160.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166160.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166160.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166160.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166160.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                78084                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              447471102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                78340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5711.910927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.908521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.091479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     30191091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30191091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16528684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16528684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8073                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8073                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8064                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8064                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     46719775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       46719775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     46719775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      46719775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       275693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       275941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       275941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       275941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       275941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33307713665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33307713665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23588372                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23588372                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33331302037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33331302037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33331302037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33331302037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     30466784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30466784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16528932                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16528932                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8073                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8073                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8064                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8064                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     46995716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46995716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     46995716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46995716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120814.506226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120814.506226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95114.403226                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95114.403226                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120791.408442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120791.408442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120791.408442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120791.408442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14535                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           14535                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       197685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       197685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       197857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       197857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       197857                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       197857                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        78008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        78084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        78084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8678667333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8678667333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5739646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5739646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8684406979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8684406979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8684406979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8684406979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111253.555187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111253.555187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 75521.657895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75521.657895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111218.776945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111218.776945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111218.776945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111218.776945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              528.663017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1014437545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1914033.103774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    38.663017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.061960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11769864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11769864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11769864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11769864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11769864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11769864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8005271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8005271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8005271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8005271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8005271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8005271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11769917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11769917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11769917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11769917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11769917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11769917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151042.849057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151042.849057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151042.849057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151042.849057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151042.849057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151042.849057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6296050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6296050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6296050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6296050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6296050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6296050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157401.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157401.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157401.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157401.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157401.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157401.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                69235                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              180349962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                69491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              2595.299564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.156634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.843366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.914674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.085326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8166690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8166690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6763180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6763180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18904                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18904                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14929870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       14929870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14929870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      14929870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       175855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       175855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          779                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          779                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       176634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       176634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       176634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       176634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21651412693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21651412693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     66896421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66896421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21718309114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21718309114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21718309114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21718309114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8342545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8342545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6763959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6763959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        15780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15106504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15106504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15106504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15106504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123120.825072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123120.825072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 85874.738126                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85874.738126                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122956.560538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122956.560538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122956.560538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122956.560538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8639                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8639                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       106749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       107399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       107399                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107399                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        69106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        69235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        69235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7690869676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7690869676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8677264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8677264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7699546940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7699546940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7699546940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7699546940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111290.910717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111290.910717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67265.612403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67265.612403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111208.881924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111208.881924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111208.881924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111208.881924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              582.332223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1039237471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1767410.664966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    42.104074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   540.228149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.067474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.865750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.933225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11522150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11522150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11522150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11522150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11522150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11522150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10052699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10052699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10052699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10052699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10052699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10052699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11522204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11522204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11522204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11522204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11522204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11522204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 186161.092593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 186161.092593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 186161.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 186161.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 186161.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 186161.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8422791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8422791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8422791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8422791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8422791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8422791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 187173.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187173.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 187173.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187173.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 187173.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187173.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                78092                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              447459002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                78348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              5711.173253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.906464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.093536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.437135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.562865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     30182581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30182581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16525096                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16525096                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8073                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8073                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8062                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8062                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     46707677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       46707677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     46707677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      46707677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       275858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       276106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       276106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       276106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       276106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  33338639551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33338639551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     22664168                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22664168                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  33361303719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33361303719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  33361303719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33361303719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     30458439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30458439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16525344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16525344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8073                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8073                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8062                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8062                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     46983783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46983783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     46983783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46983783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120854.350974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120854.350974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91387.774194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91387.774194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120827.883925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120827.883925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120827.883925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120827.883925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14613                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           14613                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       197841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       197841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       198014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       198014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       198014                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       198014                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        78017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        78092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        78092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8687152840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8687152840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5619224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5619224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8692772064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8692772064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8692772064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8692772064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 111349.485881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111349.485881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 74922.986667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74922.986667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 111314.501665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111314.501665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 111314.501665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111314.501665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              517.653097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1008730897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1943604.811175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    42.653097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.068354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11818426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11818426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11818426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11818426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11818426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11818426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8750357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8750357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8750357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8750357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8750357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8750357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11818480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11818480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11818480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11818480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11818480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11818480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162043.648148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162043.648148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162043.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162043.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162043.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162043.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7159216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7159216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7159216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7159216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7159216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7159216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162709.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162709.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162709.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162709.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162709.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162709.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                39726                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              165642264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                39982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4142.920914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.550881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.449119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.912308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.087692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8133980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8133980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6848561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6848561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17633                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17633                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14982541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       14982541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14982541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      14982541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       127400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       128286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       128286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       128286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       128286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15792296154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15792296154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     76915858                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76915858                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15869212012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15869212012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15869212012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15869212012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8261380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8261380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6849447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6849447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17633                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17633                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15110827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15110827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15110827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15110827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123958.368556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123958.368556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86812.480813                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86812.480813                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123701.822584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123701.822584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123701.822584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123701.822584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        87824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        88560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        88560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        39576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        39726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        39726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4131770581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4131770581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10104607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10104607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4141875188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4141875188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4141875188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4141875188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104400.914216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104400.914216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67364.046667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67364.046667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104261.068016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104261.068016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104261.068016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104261.068016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              517.787274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1009852593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1945766.075145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.787274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.057351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11632848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11632848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11632848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11632848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11632848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11632848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6867226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6867226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6867226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6867226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6867226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6867226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11632891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11632891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11632891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11632891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11632891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11632891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159702.930233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159702.930233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159702.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159702.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159702.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159702.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5996825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5996825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5996825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5996825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5996825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5996825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162076.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162076.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162076.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162076.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162076.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162076.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                53736                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              171685180                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                53992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3179.826271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.596588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.403412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8201723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8201723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6943822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6943822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17277                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17277                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15980                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15980                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15145545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15145545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15145545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15145545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       184215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3698                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3698                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       187913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       187913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       187913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       187913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  24204131896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24204131896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    465063540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    465063540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  24669195436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24669195436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  24669195436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24669195436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8385938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8385938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6947520                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6947520                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        15980                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15980                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15333458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15333458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15333458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15333458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 131390.667948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131390.667948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 125760.827474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125760.827474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 131279.876517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131279.876517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 131279.876517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131279.876517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           18213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       130632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       134177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       134177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        53583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        53736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        53736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5682810346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5682810346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10461554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10461554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5693271900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5693271900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5693271900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5693271900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106056.218316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106056.218316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 68376.169935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68376.169935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105948.933676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105948.933676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105948.933676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105948.933676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              528.378110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1014437800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1914033.584906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.378110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.061503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11770119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11770119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11770119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11770119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11770119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11770119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8316093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8316093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8316093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8316093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8316093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8316093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11770171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11770171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11770171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11770171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11770171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11770171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159924.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159924.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159924.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159924.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159924.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159924.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6530995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6530995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6530995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6530995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6530995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6530995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163274.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163274.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163274.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163274.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163274.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163274.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                69322                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              180353278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                69578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2592.102072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.116296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.883704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8166858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8166858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6766284                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6766284                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18941                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18941                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14933142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       14933142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14933142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      14933142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       176223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       177007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       177007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       177007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       177007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21657007716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21657007716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     69961019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69961019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21726968735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21726968735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21726968735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21726968735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8343081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8343081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6767068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6767068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18941                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18941                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15110149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15110149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15110149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15110149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122895.466063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122895.466063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 89235.993622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89235.993622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122746.381414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122746.381414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122746.381414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122746.381414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8680                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8680                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       107030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       107030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       107685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       107685                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107685                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        69193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        69322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        69322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7688396956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7688396956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8995908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8995908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7697392864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7697392864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7697392864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7697392864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111115.242235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111115.242235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 69735.720930                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69735.720930                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111038.239866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111038.239866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111038.239866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111038.239866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              494.486514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1011917533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2044277.844444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    39.486514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.063280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11909433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11909433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11909433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11909433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11909433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11909433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9308626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9308626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9308626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9308626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9308626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9308626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11909487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11909487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11909487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11909487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11909487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11909487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172381.962963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172381.962963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172381.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172381.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172381.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172381.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7123794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7123794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7123794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7123794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7123794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7123794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178094.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178094.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178094.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178094.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178094.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178094.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                35353                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              163370418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                35609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4587.896824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.480336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.519664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.912033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.087967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9505911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9505911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7062605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16568516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       16568516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16568516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      16568516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        90700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2036                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2036                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        92736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        92736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9836529346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9836529346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    135174064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    135174064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9971703410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9971703410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9971703410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9971703410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9596611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9596611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7064641                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064641                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16661252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16661252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16661252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16661252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108451.260706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108451.260706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 66391.976424                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66391.976424                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107527.857682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107527.857682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107527.857682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107527.857682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       174438                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 34887.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7987                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7987                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        55550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        57383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        57383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3515319897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3515319897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15567940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15567940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3530887837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3530887837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3530887837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3530887837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100009.100910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100009.100910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 76689.359606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76689.359606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99875.196928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99875.196928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99875.196928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99875.196928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              518.161228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1008729104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1943601.356455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    43.161228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.069169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11816633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11816633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11816633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11816633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11816633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11816633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8714595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8714595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8714595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8714595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8714595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8714595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11816690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11816690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11816690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11816690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11816690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11816690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152887.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152887.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152887.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152887.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152887.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152887.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7029206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7029206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7029206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7029206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7029206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7029206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159754.681818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159754.681818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159754.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159754.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159754.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159754.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                39734                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              165643873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                39990                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4142.132358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.550697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.449303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.087693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8134242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8134242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6849885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6849885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17652                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17652                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        16496                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16496                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14984127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       14984127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14984127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      14984127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       127238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          869                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          869                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       128107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       128107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       128107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       128107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15782073863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15782073863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     75458792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75458792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15857532655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15857532655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15857532655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15857532655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8261480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8261480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6850754                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6850754                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17652                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17652                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        16496                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16496                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15112234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15112234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15112234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15112234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 124035.852992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124035.852992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86834.052934                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86834.052934                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123783.498599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123783.498599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123783.498599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123783.498599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        87652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        88373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        88373                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88373                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4138155755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4138155755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9890713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9890713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4148046468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4148046468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4148046468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4148046468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104535.839817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104535.839817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66829.141892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66829.141892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104395.391050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104395.391050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104395.391050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104395.391050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              582.537424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1039232677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1770413.419080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    40.986461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.550963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.065683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.933554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11517356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11517356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11517356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11517356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11517356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11517356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9385447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9385447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9385447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9385447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9385447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9385447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11517410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11517410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11517410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11517410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11517410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11517410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173804.574074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173804.574074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173804.574074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173804.574074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173804.574074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173804.574074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7939690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7939690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7939690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7939690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7939690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7939690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 180447.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180447.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 180447.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180447.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 180447.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180447.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                78253                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              447510439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                78509                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5700.116407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.907378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.092622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     30214131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30214131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     16544963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16544963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8083                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8083                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8072                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8072                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     46759094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       46759094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     46759094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      46759094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       277535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       277535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       277784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       277784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       277784                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       277784                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  33538085996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33538085996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24763123                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24763123                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  33562849119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33562849119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  33562849119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33562849119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     30491666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30491666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     16545212                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16545212                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8083                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8083                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8072                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8072                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     47036878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47036878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     47036878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47036878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120842.726128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120842.726128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99450.293173                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99450.293173                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120823.550381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120823.550381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120823.550381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120823.550381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           15761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       199357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       199531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       199531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        78178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        78253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        78253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8709501513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8709501513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6149963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6149963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8715651476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8715651476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8715651476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8715651476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111406.041508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111406.041508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 81999.506667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81999.506667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111377.857411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111377.857411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111377.857411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111377.857411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              495.258205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1011919657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2040160.598790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    40.258205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.064516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11911557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11911557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11911557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11911557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11911557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11911557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10126370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10126370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10126370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10126370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10126370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10126370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11911613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11911613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11911613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11911613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11911613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11911613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 180828.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180828.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 180828.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180828.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 180828.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180828.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7869094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7869094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7869094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7869094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7869094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7869094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 191929.121951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191929.121951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 191929.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191929.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 191929.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191929.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                35327                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              163367201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                35583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4591.158727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.481222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.518778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9504533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9504533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7060667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7060667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18431                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18431                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17175                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17175                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16565200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       16565200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16565200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      16565200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        90591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2054                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2054                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        92645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        92645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        92645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        92645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9824424882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9824424882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    137827368                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137827368                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9962252250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9962252250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9962252250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9962252250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9595124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9595124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7062721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7062721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18431                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18431                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17175                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17175                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16657845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16657845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16657845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16657845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108448.133722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108448.133722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 67101.931840                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67101.931840                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107531.461493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107531.461493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107531.461493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107531.461493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       225120                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        28140                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        55467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        57318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        57318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        35124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        35327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        35327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3508099632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3508099632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15658585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15658585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3523758217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3523758217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3523758217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3523758217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99877.566109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99877.566109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 77135.886700                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77135.886700                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99746.885300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99746.885300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99746.885300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99746.885300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              526.779949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1014437721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1921283.562500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    36.779949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.058942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11770040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11770040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11770040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11770040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11770040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11770040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7515554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7515554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7515554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7515554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7515554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7515554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11770087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11770087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11770087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11770087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11770087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11770087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159905.404255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159905.404255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159905.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159905.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159905.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159905.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6160014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6160014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6160014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6160014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6160014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6160014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162105.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162105.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162105.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162105.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162105.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162105.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                69300                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              180351748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                69556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2592.899937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.118240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.881760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8166419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8166419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6765272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6765272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14931691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       14931691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14931691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      14931691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       176313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       177082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       177082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       177082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       177082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21688843268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21688843268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     68527373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68527373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21757370641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21757370641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21757370641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21757370641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8342732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8342732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6766041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6766041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15108773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15108773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15108773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15108773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123013.296059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123013.296059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 89112.318596                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89112.318596                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122866.076964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122866.076964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122866.076964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122866.076964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8699                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8699                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       107141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       107141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       107782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       107782                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107782                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7689777784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7689777784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8882387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8882387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7698660171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7698660171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7698660171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7698660171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111168.938067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111168.938067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69393.648438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69393.648438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111091.777359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111091.777359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111091.777359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111091.777359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              579.729018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1039234423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1782563.332762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.692849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   542.036169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.060405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.868648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11519102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11519102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11519102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11519102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11519102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11519102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8725013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8725013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8725013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8725013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8725013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8725013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11519152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11519152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11519152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11519152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11519152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11519152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174500.260000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174500.260000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174500.260000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174500.260000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174500.260000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174500.260000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7033270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7033270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7033270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7033270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7033270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7033270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175831.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175831.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175831.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175831.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175831.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175831.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                78125                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              447523555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                78381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              5709.592312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.907141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.092859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.437137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.562863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     30222802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30222802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16549403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16549403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8074                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8074                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     46772205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       46772205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     46772205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      46772205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       277019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       277019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          242                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          242                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       277261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       277261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       277261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       277261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33440157340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33440157340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23522149                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23522149                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33463679489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33463679489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33463679489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33463679489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     30499821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30499821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16549645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16549645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8074                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8074                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     47049466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47049466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     47049466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47049466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120714.309632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120714.309632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 97198.962810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97198.962810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120693.784878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120693.784878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120693.784878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120693.784878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14127                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           14127                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       198968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       198968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       199135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       199135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        78051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        78126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        78126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8696812632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8696812632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5982131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5982131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8702794763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8702794763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8702794763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8702794763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111424.743206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111424.743206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 79761.746667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79761.746667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111394.347119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111394.347119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111394.347119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111394.347119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              493.620453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1011919601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2048420.244939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.620453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.061892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11911501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11911501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11911501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11911501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11911501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11911501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8978040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8978040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8978040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8978040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8978040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8978040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11911551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11911551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11911551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11911551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11911551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11911551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179560.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179560.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179560.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179560.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179560.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179560.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7061461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7061461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7061461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7061461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7061461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7061461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181063.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181063.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181063.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181063.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181063.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181063.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                35332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              163368957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                35588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4590.563027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.479555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.520445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9505326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9505326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7061701                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7061701                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18355                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18355                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16567027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       16567027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16567027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      16567027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        90703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2061                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2061                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        92764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        92764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        92764                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        92764                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9796761201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9796761201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    140057998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    140057998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9936819199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9936819199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9936819199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9936819199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9596029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9596029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7063762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7063762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18355                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18355                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16659791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16659791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16659791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16659791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108009.230136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108009.230136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 67956.330907                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67956.330907                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107119.348012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107119.348012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107119.348012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107119.348012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       245267                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 30658.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        55574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        57432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        57432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3498841601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3498841601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15897495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15897495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3514739096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3514739096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3514739096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3514739096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99599.806456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99599.806456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 78312.783251                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78312.783251                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99477.501868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99477.501868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99477.501868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99477.501868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
