
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001195                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1194601584                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400396743012                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 401282                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   524213                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  40836                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67754884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29253.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11739068993                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15335289754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        43264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        69632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        27264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        23040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        70400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        69632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        17024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        69888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               587520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           43392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       253952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            253952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1984                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1984                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3214461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     36216259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     14143628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13715033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     14143628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     58288890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2678717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     22822672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     19286765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     22715523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     58931782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     58288890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14250776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     22715523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     58503187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               491812507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3214461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2678717                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           36323407                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         212583010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              212583010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         212583010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3214461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     36216259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     14143628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13715033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     14143628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     58288890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2678717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     22822672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     19286765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     22715523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     58931782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     58288890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14250776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     22715523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     58503187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              704395517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171896                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87168                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21309                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008130                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1199186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262235                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       211641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125299                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22055                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2261283     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27848      1.10%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32178      1.28%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17825      0.71%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          20155      0.80%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11761      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7806      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20760      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         123902      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073335                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.418600                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       228896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259901                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34252                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1463330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1995048                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         18827                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       201051                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          258461                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1461089                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2031978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6800982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6800982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         328872                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           26274                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       140413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457079                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367765                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1948085     77.20%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230856      9.15%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124525      4.93%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86093      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75189      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38827      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9381      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6093      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           346     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1331     43.86%     55.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     44.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145013     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21293      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126624      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74669      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367765                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5264060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657940                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3360                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27532                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         14011                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457479                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12179                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25186                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346032                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118542                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21732                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             193168                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187687                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.469860                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1343086                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1342995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798750                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2092554                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.468800                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381711                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230594                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980979     79.80%     79.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232711      9.37%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97439      3.93%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58555      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40184      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26391      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13716      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10768      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21659      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21659                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3918213                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2956102                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32777                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                341235                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.864747                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.864747                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.349071                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.349071                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6069752                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1866074                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1364081                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         195597                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176322                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12105                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67795                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10504                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          529                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2053177                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1225681                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            195597                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        78299                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              241394                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         38366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       296757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2837                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          119585                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11959                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2620184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.853271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2378790     90.79%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           8285      0.32%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17699      0.68%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           7212      0.28%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          39466      1.51%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          35510      1.36%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           6596      0.25%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          14342      0.55%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         112284      4.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2620184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068277                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.427849                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2039578                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       313712                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          240317                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          822                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        25751                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        17101                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1435464                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        25751                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2042773                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        284544                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        20425                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          238134                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         8553                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1433311                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         3517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         3271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1689040                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6743135                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6743135                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1460714                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         228310                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           22945                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       336404                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       168756                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1582                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8253                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1428160                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1361410                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1190                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131686                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       321838                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2620184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.519586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.312661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2133765     81.44%     81.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147187      5.62%     87.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119892      4.58%     91.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51643      1.97%     93.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65435      2.50%     96.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        62105      2.37%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35572      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2867      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1718      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2620184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3346     10.98%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26333     86.45%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          783      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       855882     62.87%     62.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11733      0.86%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       325724     23.93%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       167991     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1361410                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.475228                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30462                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022375                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5374656                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1560083                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1347639                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1391872                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2490                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16834                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1750                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        25751                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        279249                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2295                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1428338                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           40                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       336404                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       168756                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1479                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6277                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7598                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        13875                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1350413                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       324527                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10997                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             492470                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         176762                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           167943                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.471389                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1347783                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1347639                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          728963                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1437118                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.470421                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507239                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1085771                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1275553                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152915                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        12116                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2594433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2130503     82.12%     82.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170298      6.56%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79388      3.06%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        78577      3.03%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21075      0.81%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        90503      3.49%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6920      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4939      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12230      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2594433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1085771                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1275553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               486568                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              319567                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           168459                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1134076                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        12230                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4010658                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2882715                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 46042                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                244569                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1085771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1275553                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1085771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.638450                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.638450                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.379010                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.379010                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6671319                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1568973                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1703284                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2864119                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         222038                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181759                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23450                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90122                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85072                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22407                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2131512                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1242827                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            222038                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       107479                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              257938                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         64970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       118762                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles          591                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          131947                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23300                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2550043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2292105     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          11827      0.46%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18667      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          25102      0.98%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          26611      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          22512      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          11908      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          18941      0.74%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         122370      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2550043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077524                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.433930                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2110356                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       140956                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          257318                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        41020                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        36276                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1523135                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        41020                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2116495                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         21461                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       105890                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          251576                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        13592                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1521896                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5986                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2124288                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7075920                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7075920                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1808206                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         315933                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          366                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           42321                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       143219                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        76429                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          853                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        17073                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1518990                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          368                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1432087                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          425                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186800                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       452827                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2550043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1945447     76.29%     76.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       247372      9.70%     85.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125823      4.93%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95848      3.76%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75294      2.95%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29890      1.17%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19060      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9933      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1376      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2550043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           298     11.84%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          922     36.65%     48.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1296     51.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1204994     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21272      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129645      9.05%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75998      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1432087                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.500010                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2516                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5417158                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1706172                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1408533                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1434603                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2828                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25622                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1576                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        41020                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         18303                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1223                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1519362                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143219                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76429                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          188                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1035                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12835                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13847                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        26682                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1410727                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121916                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21360                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             197888                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         199930                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            75972                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.492552                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1408612                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1408533                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          809427                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2181407                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.491786                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371057                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1054327                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1297420                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221851                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        23522                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2509023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1976916     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       263541     10.50%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100005      3.99%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47293      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39512      1.57%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23216      0.93%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20711      0.83%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9036      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28793      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2509023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1054327                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1297420                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               192428                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              117584                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           187032                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1169033                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        26733                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        28793                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3999488                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3079678                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 34103                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                314076                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1054327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1297420                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1054327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.716538                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.716538                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.368116                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.368116                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6347044                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1963708                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1411478                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         221457                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23402                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89871                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22342                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1080                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2125758                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1239357                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            221457                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       107180                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              257237                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         64824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       126060                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          131598                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23250                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2550788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2293551     89.92%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11796      0.46%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18608      0.73%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          25040      0.98%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          26543      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          22456      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11877      0.47%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          18882      0.74%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         122035      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2550788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077304                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432623                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2104743                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       148110                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          256618                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        40925                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        36170                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1518969                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        40925                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2110865                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         21231                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       113327                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          250892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        13539                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1517742                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5974                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2118511                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7056594                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7056594                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1803309                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         315202                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           42171                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       142841                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        76202                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          851                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        17042                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1514864                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          364                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1428233                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186338                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       451716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2550788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.559918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1947888     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       246594      9.67%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125524      4.92%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95590      3.75%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75080      2.94%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29826      1.17%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19002      0.74%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9913      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1371      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2550788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           296     11.84%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          914     36.57%     48.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1289     51.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1201763     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21225      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129298      9.05%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75770      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1428233                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.498554                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2499                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001750                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5410177                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1701580                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1404727                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1430732                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2822                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25570                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1572                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        40925                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         18142                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1205                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1515232                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       142841                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76202                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1020                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12808                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13821                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        26629                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1406911                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             197328                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         199412                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            75745                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.491111                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1404806                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1404727                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          807211                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2175633                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.490348                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371024                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1051404                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1293903                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221338                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          357                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        23471                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2509863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.515527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1979253     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       262774     10.47%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99742      3.97%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47154      1.88%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39374      1.57%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23164      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20670      0.82%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9009      0.36%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28723      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2509863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1051404                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1293903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               191901                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              117271                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           186552                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1165832                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        26661                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        28723                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3996368                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3071415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 34004                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                313965                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1051404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1293903                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1051404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.724693                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.724693                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.367014                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.367014                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6329768                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1958463                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1407505                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         222368                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23415                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90594                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85200                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22430                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1097                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2126848                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1243406                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            222368                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       107630                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              258123                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         65016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       124465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          131718                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23276                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2550740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2292617     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11843      0.46%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18661      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          24961      0.98%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          26579      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          22685      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          12279      0.48%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18678      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         122437      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2550740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077622                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.434036                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2104902                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       146872                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          257500                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          368                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        36307                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1524243                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1312                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2111233                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         20503                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       112427                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          251538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        13939                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1522835                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         6147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2123948                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7080737                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7080737                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1807482                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         316466                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           42844                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       143702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        76318                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        19316                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1519918                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1432104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          311                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       188885                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456864                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2550740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1945246     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       249143      9.77%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126032      4.94%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94386      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75160      2.95%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30307      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19022      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10120      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1324      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2550740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           301     11.80%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          944     37.01%     48.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1306     51.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1205158     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21245      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129585      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75938      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1432104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.499905                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2551                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001781                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5417810                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709189                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1409012                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1434655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26174                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1508                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         17431                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1231                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1520291                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76318                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1048                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12733                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13893                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        26626                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1411264                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       122004                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             197927                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         199842                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            75923                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.492630                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1409091                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1409012                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          809555                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2184022                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.491844                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.370672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1053898                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1296888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223411                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        23483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2509649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1976729     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264553     10.54%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99467      3.96%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47589      1.90%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40383      1.61%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23108      0.92%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20049      0.80%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8900      0.35%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28871      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2509649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1053898                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1296888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               192338                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              117528                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           186960                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1168552                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        26723                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        28871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4001064                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3081696                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 34092                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                314013                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1053898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1296888                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1053898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.718245                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.718245                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.367884                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.367884                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6350362                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1963593                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1412054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         165918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       135343                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17624                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67919                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          63210                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16442                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          763                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1603349                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts               980246                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            165918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        79652                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              200995                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         55572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       154788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          100244                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17644                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      1996435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.949407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1795440     89.93%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          10547      0.53%     90.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          16805      0.84%     91.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          25286      1.27%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          10677      0.53%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          12393      0.62%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          13213      0.66%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           9102      0.46%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         102972      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      1996435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.057917                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.342175                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1582526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       176246                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          199389                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1268                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        37005                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        26836                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          301                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1187674                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        37005                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1586569                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         65098                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        95315                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          196702                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        15737                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1184901                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents         3655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2553                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         6331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3960                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1621205                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5522489                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5522489                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1330186                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         291001                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          256                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           36765                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       119955                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        66181                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3244                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        12803                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1180835                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          256                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1099851                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184418                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1996435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1526047     76.44%     76.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       191736      9.60%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105505      5.28%     91.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        69382      3.48%     94.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62663      3.14%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        19307      0.97%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13876      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4836      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3083      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1996435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           311     11.98%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1084     41.74%     53.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1202     46.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       905854     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20241      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          122      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       108779      9.89%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64855      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1099851                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.383925                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2597                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002361                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4200679                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1365572                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1079641                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1102448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5351                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25718                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4460                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          855                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        37005                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         51801                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1606                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1181091                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       119955                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66181                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          908                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9472                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10966                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        20438                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1083770                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       103056                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16076                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             167779                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         147049                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            64723                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.378312                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1079731                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1079641                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          639352                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1622295                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.376871                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.394103                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       797255                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       972217                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209654                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        17924                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1959430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1565045     79.87%     79.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       188017      9.60%     89.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78062      3.98%     93.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39703      2.03%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29810      1.52%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16949      0.86%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10563      0.54%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8644      0.44%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22637      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1959430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       797255                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       972217                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               155955                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads               94234                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               122                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           134927                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          879082                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        18973                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        22637                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3118664                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2400766                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 28776                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                868318                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            797255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              972217                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       797255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.593271                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.593271                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.278298                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.278298                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        4919027                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1475361                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1125478                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         193061                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173264                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130392                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         126492                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10653                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          520                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2043026                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1099377                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            193061                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       137145                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              244121                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         56187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        90372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          124947                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16350                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2416729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2172608     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          37696      1.56%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18164      0.75%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          37403      1.55%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          10764      0.45%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          34946      1.45%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5105      0.21%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8413      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          91630      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2416729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067392                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.383760                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2020480                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       113679                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          243469                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          268                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        38830                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        17240                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1221965                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1683                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        38830                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2023383                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         78156                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        27250                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          240615                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8492                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1219197                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         6527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1590674                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5513118                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5513118                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1253128                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         337526                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           19017                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       227353                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        33383                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          308                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         7427                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1210809                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1120930                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243289                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       515412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2416729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.074888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1925237     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       151072      6.25%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       169367      7.01%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95632      3.96%     96.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48305      2.00%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12611      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13882      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          323      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          300      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2416729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1870     56.96%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          804     24.49%     81.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          609     18.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       874372     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8204      0.73%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       205457     18.33%     97.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32823      2.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1120930                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.391283                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3283                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4663195                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1454279                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1090113                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1124213                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50362                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1401                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        38830                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         68129                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          946                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1210975                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       227353                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33383                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          439                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10498                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        17833                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1105841                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       202304                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15089                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             235103                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         168382                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            32799                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.386016                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1090534                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1090113                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          661806                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1414993                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.380526                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.467710                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       863432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       965268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       245759                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16584                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2377899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.405933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.272387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2021453     85.01%     85.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138379      5.82%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90321      3.80%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27823      1.17%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48427      2.04%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8811      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5767      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4931      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31987      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2377899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       863432                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       965268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               208969                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              176987                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           148844                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          841248                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        31987                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3556926                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2460923                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 47637                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                448024                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            863432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              965268                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       863432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.317868                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.317868                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.301398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.301398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5149272                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1414521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1306079                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         211216                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172833                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22426                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87605                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80476                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21424                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1036                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2018874                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1205690                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            211216                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       101900                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              263649                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         64525                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       210843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          125961                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22167                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2535089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2271440     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          27989      1.10%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          32352      1.28%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          17922      0.71%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          20265      0.80%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          11817      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7848      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          20874      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         124582      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2535089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073729                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.420870                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2002202                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       228171                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          261303                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2083                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        41326                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        34424                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          398                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1471278                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2162                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        41326                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2005742                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         18060                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       201036                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          259854                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         9067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1468986                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2022                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2042947                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6837805                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6837805                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1712274                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         330612                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          392                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          225                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           26425                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       141201                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        75801                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        15887                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1464968                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1375185                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       201463                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       471620                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2535089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1956544     77.18%     77.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232075      9.15%     86.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125234      4.94%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86557      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75592      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39035      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9429      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6130      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4493      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2535089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           348     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1340     43.92%     55.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1363     44.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1151169     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21433      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127350      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75067      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1375185                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.480036                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3051                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5290498                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1666866                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350260                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378236                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3373                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27672                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           84                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        41326                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         13208                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1222                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1465369                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141201                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75801                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          226                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          851                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12242                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13074                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        25316                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1353314                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119205                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21871                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             194230                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         188695                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            75025                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.472402                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1350351                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1350260                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          803091                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2103922                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.471336                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381711                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1005416                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1233557                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231767                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22376                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2493763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1989636     79.78%     79.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       233925      9.38%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98010      3.93%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58873      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40388      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26536      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13788      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10823      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21784      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2493763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1005416                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1233557                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               186972                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              113515                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           176506                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1112139                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25098                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        21784                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3937290                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2972043                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32937                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                329664                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1005416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1233557                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1005416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.849321                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.849321                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.350961                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.350961                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6102683                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1876146                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1371483                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         194426                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174660                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16960                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131606                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         127856                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2058238                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1107208                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            194426                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       138444                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              245994                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         56593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        90598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          125871                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16422                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2434360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2188366     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          38087      1.56%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          18419      0.76%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          37796      1.55%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          10682      0.44%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          35355      1.45%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           5058      0.21%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           8401      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          92196      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2434360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067868                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.386493                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2035954                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       113658                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          245340                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          255                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        39150                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        17208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1229844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1679                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        39150                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2038827                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         78507                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        26992                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          242517                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8364                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1226918                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         6581                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1600125                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5546649                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5546649                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1259588                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         340521                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           18970                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       229633                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        33342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         7399                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1218576                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1127757                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1340                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       245589                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521028                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2434360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.074096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1940193     79.70%     79.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150813      6.20%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171426      7.04%     92.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96318      3.96%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48397      1.99%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12686      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13880      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          336      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2434360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1873     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          799     24.38%     81.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          605     18.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       879231     77.96%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8185      0.73%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       207502     18.40%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32765      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1127757                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.393666                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3277                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002906                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4694491                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1464351                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1096703                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1131034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51019                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        39150                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         68764                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          960                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1218742                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       229633                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          444                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10576                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7294                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        17870                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1112553                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204206                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             236948                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         169560                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            32742                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.388359                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1097136                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1096703                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          665924                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1420331                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.382826                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.468851                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       970725                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248064                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        16665                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.405278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.272006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2037215     85.05%     85.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138448      5.78%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91108      3.80%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27948      1.17%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48682      2.03%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8815      0.37%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5808      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4922      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32264      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       868889                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       970725                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               210593                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              178611                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           149753                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          845796                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        32264                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3581722                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2476774                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 48108                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                430393                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            868889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              970725                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       868889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.297030                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.297030                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.303303                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.303303                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5181507                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1422662                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1315619                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         246792                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205706                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24175                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94155                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88360                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26112                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2138341                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1352746                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            246792                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       114472                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              281070                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         68322                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       211477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          134514                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23054                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2674845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2393775     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          17103      0.64%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          21115      0.79%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          34423      1.29%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          14168      0.53%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          18796      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          21448      0.80%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          10226      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         143791      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2674845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086148                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.472203                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2125729                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       225519                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          279650                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        43774                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        37232                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1653087                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        43774                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2128342                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          6702                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       212372                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          277171                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         6477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1642185                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          900                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2294124                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7631459                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7631459                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1882873                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         411220                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           23327                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       155004                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        79251                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        18085                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1601049                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1524448                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1808                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       216704                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454639                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2674845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.569920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.296200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2030569     75.91%     75.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       292701     10.94%     86.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120308      4.50%     91.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67673      2.53%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90899      3.40%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28809      1.08%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27930      1.04%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14757      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1199      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2674845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10501     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1452     10.90%     89.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1371     10.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284947     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20633      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139758      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78923      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1524448                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.532139                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13324                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008740                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5738872                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1818144                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1481970                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1537772                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32657                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        43774                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          5085                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          686                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1601434                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       155004                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79251                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13582                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14139                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        27721                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1495830                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136962                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28617                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             215865                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         210801                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            78903                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522150                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1481986                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1481970                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          887864                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2385962                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.517312                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1095194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1349619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251805                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        24211                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.512954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2059018     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       290366     11.04%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105439      4.01%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52227      1.99%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47580      1.81%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20182      0.77%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20050      0.76%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9508      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26701      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1095194                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1349619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               200153                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              122345                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           195566                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1215180                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        27882                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        26701                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4205794                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3246649                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 34465                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                189908                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1095194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1349619                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1095194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.615749                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.615749                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.382300                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.382300                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6727623                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       2073397                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1526187                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         246016                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205039                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24105                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93893                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88104                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26036                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2132226                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1348460                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            246016                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       114140                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              280189                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         68113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       219166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          134129                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22990                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2675399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.982819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2395210     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          17041      0.64%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          21051      0.79%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          34317      1.28%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          14133      0.53%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          18743      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          21389      0.80%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          10201      0.38%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         143314      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2675399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.085877                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.470707                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2119637                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       233175                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          278780                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          169                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        43635                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        37125                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1647893                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        43635                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2122241                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          6659                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       220101                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          276312                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6444                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1637040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          893                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2286810                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7607543                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7607543                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1877025                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         409778                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           23209                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       154535                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        79015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          852                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        18025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1596027                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1519703                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       215930                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453038                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2675399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.294404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2033092     75.99%     75.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       291844     10.91%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119890      4.48%     91.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67488      2.52%     93.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90629      3.39%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28720      1.07%     98.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27844      1.04%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14701      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1191      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2675399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10465     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.92%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1280950     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20561      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139318      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78687      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1519703                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530483                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13284                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008741                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5729896                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1812348                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1477380                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1532987                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32558                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        43635                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          5058                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1596412                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154535                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13550                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14089                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        27639                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1491193                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136539                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             215206                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         210143                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            78667                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.520531                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1477396                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1477380                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          885056                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2378411                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.515709                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1091810                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1345464                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250945                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        24141                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.327812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2061456     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       289496     11.00%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105094      3.99%     93.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52077      1.98%     95.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47438      1.80%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20124      0.76%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19988      0.76%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9479      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26612      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1091810                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1345464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               199552                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              121976                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           194948                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1211474                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        27806                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        26612                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4201561                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3236465                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 34377                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                189354                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1091810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1345464                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1091810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.623857                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.623857                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.381118                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.381118                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6706854                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       2066854                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1521394                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         164629                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       134284                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17767                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67341                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62620                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16336                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          761                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1596352                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts               973838                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            164629                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        78956                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              199787                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         55593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       142040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines           99994                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17743                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      1975371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.953860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        1775584     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          10534      0.53%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          16739      0.85%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          25273      1.28%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          10454      0.53%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          12124      0.61%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          13080      0.66%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9089      0.46%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         102494      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      1975371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.057467                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.339938                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1575167                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       163854                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          198207                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1248                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        36894                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        26641                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          300                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1180588                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1086                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        36894                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1579325                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         68880                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        81782                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          195375                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        13106                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1177883                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2635                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         6571                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          892                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1611609                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5489926                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5489926                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1322501                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         289108                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          252                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           37446                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       119694                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        65833                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3280                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        12666                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1173788                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1093549                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1995                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182492                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425355                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1975371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.553592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1507774     76.33%     76.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       190649      9.65%     85.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104871      5.31%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68792      3.48%     94.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62355      3.16%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        19209      0.97%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13830      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4791      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3100      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1975371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           300     11.49%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1103     42.23%     53.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1209     46.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       900564     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20104      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          121      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       108315      9.90%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64445      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1093549                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.381725                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2612                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002389                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4167076                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1356597                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1073034                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1096161                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5188                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25970                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4445                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          862                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        36894                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         56764                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1550                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1174041                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       119694                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65833                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          131                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          838                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           47                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9526                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11040                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        20566                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1077212                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102579                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16337                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             166909                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         146047                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            64330                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.376023                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1073145                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1073034                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          635816                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1612803                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.374564                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.394230                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       792774                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       966646                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       208222                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        18057                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1938477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1546667     79.79%     79.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186792      9.64%     89.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77376      3.99%     93.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39456      2.04%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29591      1.53%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16901      0.87%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10500      0.54%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8687      0.45%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22507      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1938477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       792774                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       966646                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               155112                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads               93724                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               122                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           134106                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          874064                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        18850                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        22507                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3090838                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2386636                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 28930                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                889382                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            792774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              966646                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       792774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.613581                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.613581                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.276734                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.276734                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        4889355                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1466755                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1118294                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         164420                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       134096                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17504                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67171                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62413                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16403                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          774                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1587988                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts               972137                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            164420                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        78816                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              199218                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         55255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       144479                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines           99348                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17504                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      1968794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1769576     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          10384      0.53%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          16678      0.85%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          25136      1.28%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          10411      0.53%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          12163      0.62%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          13013      0.66%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9115      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         102318      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      1968794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.057394                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.339344                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1567210                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       165890                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          197615                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        36812                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        26623                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          299                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1178268                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        36812                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1571320                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         60705                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        92184                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          194873                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12891                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1175586                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         6392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1033                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1608185                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5479991                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5479991                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1318220                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         289960                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          256                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          136                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           36849                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       119404                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        65650                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3234                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        12704                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1171612                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          258                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1090737                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1907                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183974                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428542                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1968794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.554013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1503004     76.34%     76.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189546      9.63%     85.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104405      5.30%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68669      3.49%     94.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62213      3.16%     97.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        19217      0.98%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13822      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4839      0.25%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3079      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1968794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           293     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1104     42.45%     53.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1204     46.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       898137     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20086      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          120      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       108075      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64319      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1090737                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.380744                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2601                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002385                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4154776                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1355905                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1070326                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1093338                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5227                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4424                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          859                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        36812                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         49040                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1552                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1171870                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       119404                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65650                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          136                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          845                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9329                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10963                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        20292                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1074489                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102334                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16248                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             166534                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         145611                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            64200                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.375072                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1070423                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1070326                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          634021                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1608653                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.373619                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394132                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       790323                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps       963719                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       208871                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        17803                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1931982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1541241     79.78%     79.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186195      9.64%     89.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77174      3.99%     93.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39544      2.05%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29460      1.52%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16881      0.87%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10484      0.54%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8629      0.45%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22374      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1931982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       790323                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps       963719                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               154718                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads               93492                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               122                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           133718                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          871422                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        18803                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        22374                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3082198                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2382005                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 28583                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                895959                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            790323                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps              963719                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       790323                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.624788                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.624788                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.275878                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.275878                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        4877503                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1462518                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1116273                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2864749                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         222611                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182257                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23443                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90703                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85289                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22456                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1098                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2128845                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1244675                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            222611                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       107745                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              258400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         65096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       124681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          131852                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23305                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2553282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2294882     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          11851      0.46%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18683      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          24999      0.98%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          26608      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          22710      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          12291      0.48%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          18690      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         122568      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2553282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077707                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.434480                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2106870                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       147121                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          257778                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          363                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        41143                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        36337                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1525842                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1312                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        41143                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2113213                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         18965                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       114195                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          251793                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        13964                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1524358                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2126072                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7087807                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7087807                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1809153                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         316919                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           42914                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       143874                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        76386                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          875                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        19354                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1521431                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1433431                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          313                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       189151                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457732                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2553282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1947204     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       249403      9.77%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126154      4.94%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94463      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75235      2.95%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30329      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19040      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10126      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1328      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2553282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           301     11.79%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          944     36.99%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1307     51.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1206265     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21265      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129715      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76008      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1433431                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.500369                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2552                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001780                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5423009                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1710968                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1410327                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1435983                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26222                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1506                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        41143                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         15887                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1233                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1521804                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143874                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76386                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1047                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12753                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13909                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        26662                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1412580                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       122129                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20851                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             198122                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         200032                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            75993                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.493090                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1410406                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1410327                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          810324                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2186096                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.492304                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1054864                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1298086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223726                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        23511                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2512139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1978739     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264790     10.54%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99559      3.96%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47625      1.90%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40419      1.61%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23132      0.92%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20063      0.80%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8907      0.35%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28905      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2512139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1054864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1298086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               192532                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              117652                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           187134                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1169623                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        26744                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        28905                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4005033                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3084774                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 34127                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                311467                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1054864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1298086                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1054864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.715752                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.715752                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.368222                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.368222                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6356317                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1965431                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1413484                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         194389                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174623                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16957                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131569                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         127819                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2057745                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1106976                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            194389                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       138407                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              245941                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         56582                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        91813                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          125844                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16419                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2435021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.506898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2189080     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          38074      1.56%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18416      0.76%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          37786      1.55%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          10682      0.44%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          35344      1.45%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5058      0.21%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           8401      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          92180      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2435021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.067855                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.386412                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2035449                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       114887                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          245284                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39142                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        17208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1229610                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1679                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39142                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2038326                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         79690                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        27028                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          242452                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         8380                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1226670                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         6588                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1599831                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5545563                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5545563                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1259341                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         340454                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           18989                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       229560                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        33342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         7399                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1218333                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1127526                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1341                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       245537                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       520907                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2435021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.073879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1940924     79.71%     79.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150853      6.20%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171351      7.04%     92.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96288      3.95%     96.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48395      1.99%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12689      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13876      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          334      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2435021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1873     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          799     24.38%     81.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          605     18.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       879067     77.96%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8185      0.73%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       207435     18.40%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32765      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1127526                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.393586                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3277                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002906                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4694691                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1464056                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1096483                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1130803                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51002                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39142                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         69936                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          960                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1218499                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       229560                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          445                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10573                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7294                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        17867                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1112325                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204138                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             236879                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         169526                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            32741                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.388280                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1096915                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1096483                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          665789                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1420154                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.382750                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.468815                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       970517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248012                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16662                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.405078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.271692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2037926     85.06%     85.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138470      5.78%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91076      3.80%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27941      1.17%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48667      2.03%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8817      0.37%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5808      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4921      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32253      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       868681                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       970517                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               210532                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              178550                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           149720                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          845621                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        32253                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3582142                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2476263                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 48096                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                429732                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            868681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              970517                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       868681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.297819                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.297819                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.303231                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.303231                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5180398                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1422398                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1315328                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2860507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         164200                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       133836                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17651                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        66865                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62333                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16272                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          775                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1589782                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts               970763                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            164200                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        78605                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              199087                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         55497                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       148573                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines           99569                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17636                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      1974653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.951695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1775566     89.92%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          10438      0.53%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          16641      0.84%     91.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          25153      1.27%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          10525      0.53%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          12154      0.62%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          12792      0.65%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9135      0.46%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         102249      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      1974653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.057402                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.339367                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1568382                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       170596                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          197494                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1264                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        36916                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        26672                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          298                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1177038                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        36916                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1572579                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         62814                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        94532                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          194613                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        13190                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1174322                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          584                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         6634                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          962                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1606245                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5473731                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5473731                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1316686                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         289374                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          253                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           37819                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       119322                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        65613                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3271                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        12668                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1170130                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1089430                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2021                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182510                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       427308                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1974653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.237657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1509067     76.42%     76.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189562      9.60%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104543      5.29%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68539      3.47%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62282      3.15%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18854      0.95%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13995      0.71%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4691      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3120      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1974653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           308     11.78%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1116     42.68%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1191     45.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       897245     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19995      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          120      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       107834      9.90%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64236      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1089430                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.380852                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2615                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002400                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4158149                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1352956                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1069137                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1092045                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5186                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26043                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4556                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          864                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        36916                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         50075                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1582                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1170383                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           35                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       119322                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65613                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          867                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9403                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11064                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        20467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1073323                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102209                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             166317                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         145641                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            64108                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.375221                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1069234                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1069137                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          633065                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1606792                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.373758                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.393993                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       789125                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       962340                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       208782                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          240                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        17945                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1937737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1547602     79.87%     79.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       185927      9.60%     89.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77047      3.98%     93.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39408      2.03%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29461      1.52%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16807      0.87%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10507      0.54%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8650      0.45%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22328      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1937737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       789125                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       962340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               154318                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads               93266                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               120                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           133599                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          870127                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        18788                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        22328                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3086531                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2379360                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 28894                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                885854                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            789125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              962340                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       789125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.624910                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.624910                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.275869                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.275869                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        4871496                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1460877                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1114656                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          240                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.847192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.946559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.137669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   101.198080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1829.564884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.011298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.049413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.893342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      208881853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          368                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.950059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         113838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        47.118377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.540531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.594843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   188.970014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1830.844672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.011521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.092271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.893967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   479                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 368                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66753667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    318067430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     384821097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66753667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    318067430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      384821097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66753667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    318067430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     384821097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.415744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.436019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.434475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.434475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2225122.233333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 941027.899408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1045709.502717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2225122.233333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 941027.899408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1045709.502717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2225122.233333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 941027.899408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1045709.502717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64119667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    288385490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352505157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64119667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    288385490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    352505157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64119667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    288385490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    352505157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.415744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2137322.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 853211.508876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957894.448370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2137322.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 853211.508876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957894.448370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2137322.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 853211.508876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957894.448370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          159                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.666162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        54.089383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.666162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.087828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    62.955582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1939.956590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.007367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.030740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.947244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 160                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50290129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120208767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     170498896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50290129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120208767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      170498896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50290129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120208767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     170498896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.318945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.359551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1862597.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 903825.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1065618.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1862597.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 903825.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1065618.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1862597.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 903825.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1065618.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47919529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    108619167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156538696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47919529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    108619167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156538696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47919529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    108619167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156538696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.318945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1774797.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 816685.466165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978366.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1774797.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 816685.466165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978366.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1774797.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 816685.466165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978366.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          155                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.680751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        54.187727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.680751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    15.023370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    62.679943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1940.296687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.007336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.030605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.947410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 155                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51044136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122263931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     173308067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51044136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122263931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      173308067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51044136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122263931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     173308067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.310680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1890523.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955186.960938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1118116.561290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1890523.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955186.960938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1118116.561290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1890523.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955186.960938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1118116.561290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 66                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      66                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48672163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111020210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159692373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48672163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111020210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159692373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48672163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111020210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159692373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.310680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802672.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867345.390625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030273.374194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802672.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867345.390625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030273.374194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802672.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867345.390625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030273.374194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          159                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.664624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        54.089383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.664624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.949053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    63.077513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1939.973434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.007299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.030800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.947253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 159                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59848942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110788973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     170637915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59848942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110788973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      170637915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59848942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110788973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     170637915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.317308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2216627.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839310.401515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1073194.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2216627.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839310.401515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1073194.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2216627.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839310.401515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1073194.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57477343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99196542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156673885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57477343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99196542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156673885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57477343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99196542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156673885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.317308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2128790.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751488.954545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985370.345912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2128790.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751488.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985370.345912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2128790.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751488.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985370.345912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          557                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2044.257069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          87078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        33.452939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks         129.566469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    11.877023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   243.618724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1658.194853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.063265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.005799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.118954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.809665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.998172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            402                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 402                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          356                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   356                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          544                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 557                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     14432908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    517470014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     531902922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     43971169                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     43971169                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     14432908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    561441183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      575874091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     14432908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    561441183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     575874091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          402                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             402                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.584112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.604444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.610077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.604444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.610077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1110223.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1034940.028000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1036847.801170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 999344.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 999344.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1110223.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1032060.998162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1033885.262118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1110223.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1032060.998162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1033885.262118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                305                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     305                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13291508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    473570014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    486861522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     40107969                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40107969                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13291508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    513677983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    526969491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13291508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    513677983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    526969491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.584112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.604444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.604444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1022423.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 947140.028000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 949047.801170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 911544.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 911544.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1022423.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 944260.998162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946085.262118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1022423.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 944260.998162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946085.262118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          238                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.689219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        22.820210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.217488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.824836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   112.453492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1879.193403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.054909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.917575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 238                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62502834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    200060709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     262563543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62502834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    200060709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      262563543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62502834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    200060709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     262563543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.400673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.398660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.398660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2500113.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 939252.154930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1103208.163866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2500113.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 939252.154930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1103208.163866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2500113.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 939252.154930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1103208.163866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60307834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    181351197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241659031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60307834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    181351197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    241659031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60307834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    181351197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241659031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2412313.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851414.070423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015374.079832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2412313.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851414.070423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015374.079832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2412313.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851414.070423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015374.079832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          204                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2046.858845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         136053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        60.414298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.925952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.154338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   101.934294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1828.844261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.011306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.049773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.892990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            213                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 213                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          400                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   401                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 205                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     42949329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    159992382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     202941711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     42949329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    159992382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      202941711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     42949329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    159992382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     202941711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          213                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             213                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.313149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.339967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.311532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.338284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.311532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.338284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1789555.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 883935.812155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 989959.565854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1789555.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 883935.812155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 989959.565854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1789555.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 883935.812155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 989959.565854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                110                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     110                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     40841130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    144185753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    185026883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     40841130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    144185753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    185026883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     40841130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    144185753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    185026883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.313149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.311532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.311532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1701713.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 796606.370166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902570.160976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1701713.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 796606.370166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902570.160976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1701713.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 796606.370166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902570.160976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          239                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.697825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        22.810232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.222417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.608845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   113.404010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1876.462552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.012016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.055373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.916241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 239                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65791337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    188390678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     254182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65791337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    188390678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      254182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65791337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    188390678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     254182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.373898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2436716.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 888635.273585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1063523.075314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2436716.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 888635.273585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1063523.075314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2436716.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 888635.273585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1063523.075314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63420568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    169773417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233193985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63420568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    169773417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233193985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63420568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    169773417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233193985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.373898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2348909.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 800818.004717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 975707.050209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2348909.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 800818.004717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 975707.050209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2348909.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 800818.004717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 975707.050209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         132606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        61.249885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.778582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    10.772514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    50.845323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1943.603581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.005260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.024827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.949025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          291                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10362476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83488377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      93850853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10362476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83488377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total       93850853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10362476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83488377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total      93850853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 942043.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 802772.855769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816094.373913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 942043.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 802772.855769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816094.373913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 942043.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 802772.855769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816094.373913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9392926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     74310860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83703786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9392926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     74310860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83703786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9392926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     74310860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83703786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 853902.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 714527.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727859.008696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 853902.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 714527.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727859.008696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 853902.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 714527.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727859.008696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         132605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        61.249423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.776907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    10.767291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    50.673746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1943.782056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.005257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.024743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.949112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          290                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   290                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12627219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     87382094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     100009313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12627219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     87382094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      100009313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12627219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     87382094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     100009313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1147929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 840212.442308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 869646.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1147929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 840212.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 869646.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1147929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 840212.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 869646.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11661419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     78250894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89912313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11661419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     78250894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89912313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11661419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     78250894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89912313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1060129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 752412.442308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781846.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1060129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 752412.442308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781846.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1060129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 752412.442308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781846.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          565                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2044.813943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                          87076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        33.324148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks         131.260042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    11.879834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   243.103477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1657.570590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.064092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.005801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.118703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.809361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.998444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            402                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 402                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          354                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   354                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          550                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 563                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11841055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    521516115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     533357170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35480235                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     35480235                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11841055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    556996350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      568837405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11841055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    556996350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     568837405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          402                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             402                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.590278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.596351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.608407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.613959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.608407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.613959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 910850.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1022580.617647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1019803.384321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 887005.875000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 887005.875000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 910850.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1012720.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1010368.392540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 910850.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1012720.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1010368.392540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                308                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     308                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10699314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    476721629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    487420943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     31966481                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31966481                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10699314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    508688110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    519387424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10699314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    508688110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    519387424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.590278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.608407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.608407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 823024.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 934748.292157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 931971.210325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799162.025000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799162.025000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 823024.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 924887.472727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 922535.388988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 823024.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 924887.472727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 922535.388988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          557                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2044.627038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          87070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        33.424184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks         130.158460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    11.890205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   240.696012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1660.882361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.063554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.005806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.117527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.810978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.998353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            401                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 401                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          350                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   350                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          544                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 557                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11816294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    507635623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     519451917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     41911432                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     41911432                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11816294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    549547055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      561363349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11816294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    549547055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     561363349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          401                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             401                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              43                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.588719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.608501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.614112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.608501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.614112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 908945.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1013244.756487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1010606.842412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 974684.465116                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 974684.465116                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 908945.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1010196.792279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1007833.660682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 908945.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1010196.792279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1007833.660682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                304                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     304                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10674894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    463644499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    474319393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     38136032                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38136032                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10674894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    501780531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    512455425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10674894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    501780531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    512455425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.588719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.608501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.608501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 821145.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 925438.121756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 922800.375486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 886884.465116                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 886884.465116                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 821145.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 922390.681985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920027.692998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 821145.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 922390.681985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920027.692998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          160                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.665532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         119214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        54.065306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.665532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.954863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    63.046095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1939.999042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.007302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.030784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.947265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 160                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48051002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    110154940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     158205942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48051002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    110154940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      158205942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48051002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    110154940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     158205942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.359551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1779666.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 828232.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 988787.137500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1779666.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 828232.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 988787.137500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1779666.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 828232.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 988787.137500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45679852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98476700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144156552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45679852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98476700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144156552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45679852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98476700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144156552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1691846.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 740426.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900978.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1691846.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 740426.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900978.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1691846.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 740426.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900978.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          239                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.697838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        22.810232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.222636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.628880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   113.388669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1876.457653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.012026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.055366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.916239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 239                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63047252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189518749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     252566001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63047252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189518749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      252566001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63047252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189518749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     252566001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.373898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2335083.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 893956.363208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1056761.510460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2335083.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 893956.363208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1056761.510460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2335083.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 893956.363208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1056761.510460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60676652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    170900002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231576654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60676652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    170900002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231576654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60676652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    170900002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231576654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.373898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2247283.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 806132.084906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968939.974895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2247283.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 806132.084906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968939.974895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2247283.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 806132.084906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968939.974895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          560                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2044.535071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          87075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        33.426104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks         130.608474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    11.899031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   246.147313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1654.880253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.063774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.005810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.120189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.808047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.998308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            398                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 398                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          354                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   354                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                41                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          547                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 560                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11731161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    518331053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     530062214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     39885971                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     39885971                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11731161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    558217024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      569948185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11731161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    558217024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     569948185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          398                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             398                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.588372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.607103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.612691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.607103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.612691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       902397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1024369.669960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1021314.477842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 972828.560976                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 972828.560976                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       902397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1020506.442413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1017764.616071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       902397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1020506.442413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1017764.616071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                304                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     304                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10588762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    473977741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    484566503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     36285704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36285704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10588762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    510263445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    520852207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10588762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    510263445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    520852207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.588372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.607103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.607103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 814520.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 936714.903162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 933654.148362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 885017.170732                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885017.170732                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 814520.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 932839.936015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 930093.226786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 814520.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 932839.936015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 930093.226786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.095151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1479552.708087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.095151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.038614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             141900.997599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   182.362257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    73.637743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.712353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.287647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              565.979654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              768702867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1339203.601045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.209906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.769748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.038798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.868221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         119535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        119535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93427058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93427058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93427058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93427058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93427058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93427058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       119583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       119583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1946397.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1946397.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1946397.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1946397.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1946397.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1946397.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1213441                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 606720.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67069737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67069737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67069737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67069737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67069737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67069737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2163539.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163539.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2163539.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163539.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2163539.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163539.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  816                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              289291340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             269861.324627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   110.598283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   145.401717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.432025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.567975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       306205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        306205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       166820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       166820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       473025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         473025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       473025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        473025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1393540542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1393540542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       768788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       768788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1394309330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1394309330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1394309330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1394309330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       309193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       309193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       166830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       166830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       476023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       476023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       476023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       476023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 466379.030120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466379.030120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 76878.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76878.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 465079.829887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 465079.829887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 465079.829887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 465079.829887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    353311722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    353311722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    353504022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353504022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    353504022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    353504022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 434577.763838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 434577.763838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 433215.713235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 433215.713235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 433215.713235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 433215.713235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              490.197142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              749565853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1490190.562624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.197142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.024354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       131910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       131910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         131910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       131910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        131910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55175433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55175433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55175433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55175433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55175433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55175433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       131946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       131946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       131946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       131946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       131946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1532650.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1532650.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1532650.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1532650.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1532650.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1532650.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       256615                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       256615                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50582909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50582909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50582909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50582909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50582909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50582909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1806532.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806532.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1806532.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806532.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1806532.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806532.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  419                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              113243932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             167768.788148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   141.862214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   114.137786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.554149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.445851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        89570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        74478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       164048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         164048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       164048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        164048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    476512283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    476512283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1266976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1266976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    477779259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    477779259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    477779259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    477779259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        90893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        74494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       165387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       165387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.014556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 360175.572940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 360175.572940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        79186                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        79186                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 356817.967886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 356817.967886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 356817.967886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 356817.967886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    139801324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139801324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    139993624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    139993624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    139993624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    139993624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 335254.973621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335254.973621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 333318.152381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333318.152381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 333318.152381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333318.152381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              490.127806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              749565504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1490189.868787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    15.127806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.024243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       131561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       131561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         131561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       131561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        131561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56231273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56231273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56231273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     56231273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56231273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     56231273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       131597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       131597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       131597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       131597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       131597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1561979.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1561979.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       255554                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       255554                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51366003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51366003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51366003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51366003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51366003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51366003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1834500.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834500.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              113243456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             168768.190760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   141.571516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   114.428484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.553014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.446986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        89312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        74264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       163576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         163576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       163576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        163576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    479052888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    479052888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1340008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1340008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    480392896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    480392896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    480392896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    480392896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        90622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        74280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       164902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       164902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       164902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       164902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 365689.227481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 365689.227481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83750.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83750.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 362287.251885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 362287.251885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 362287.251885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 362287.251885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    141822222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141822222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       202104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       202104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    142024326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142024326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    142024326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142024326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 344228.694175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344228.694175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        67368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342227.291566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342227.291566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342227.291566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342227.291566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              490.058791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749565613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1490190.085487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    15.058791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.024133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         131670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        131670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87738644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87738644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87738644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87738644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87738644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87738644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       131718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       131718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1827888.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1827888.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1827888.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1827888.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1827888.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1827888.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60137527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60137527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60137527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60137527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60137527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60137527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2147768.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2147768.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2147768.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2147768.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2147768.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2147768.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  419                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              113243811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             167768.608889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   141.974018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   114.025982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.554586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.445414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        89481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        74446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         163927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        163927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    449913078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    449913078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1163094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1163094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    451076172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    451076172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    451076172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    451076172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        90806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        74460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       165266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       165266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 339557.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339557.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 83078.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83078.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336875.408514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336875.408514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336875.408514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336875.408514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130414239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130414239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130606539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130606539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130606539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130606539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 313495.766827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313495.766827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 311710.116945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311710.116945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 311710.116945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311710.116945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              502.555447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              753292074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1497598.556660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.555447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.020121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       100230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        100230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       100230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         100230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       100230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        100230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15952078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15952078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15952078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15952078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15952078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15952078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       100244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       100244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       100244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       100244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       100244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1139434.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1139434.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1139434.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1139434.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1139434.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1139434.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     14540948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14540948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     14540948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14540948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     14540948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14540948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1118534.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118534.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1118534.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118534.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1118534.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118534.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  900                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              125502772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             108566.411765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   186.326657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    69.673343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.727839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.272161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        75466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         75466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        61016                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        61016                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       136482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         136482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       136482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        136482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1349587993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1349587993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    347467254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    347467254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1697055247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1697055247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1697055247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1697055247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        77602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        61396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        61396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       138998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       138998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       138998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       138998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.027525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006189                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006189                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.018101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.018101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 631829.584738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 631829.584738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 914387.510526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 914387.510526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 674505.265103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 674505.265103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 674505.265103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 674505.265103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    545484016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    545484016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     44336369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44336369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    589820385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    589820385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    589820385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    589820385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 637247.682243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 637247.682243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1007644.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1007644.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 655355.983333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 655355.983333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 655355.983333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 655355.983333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              548.824566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              646508473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1171211.001812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.708189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.116377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.037994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         124912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        124912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87318399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87318399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87318399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87318399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87318399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87318399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       124947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       124947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2494811.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2494811.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2494811.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2494811.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2494811.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2494811.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62776340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62776340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62776340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62776340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62776340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62776340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2414474.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2414474.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2414474.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2414474.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2414474.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2414474.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              151267422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             182911.030230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   151.814530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   104.185470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.593026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.406974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       185845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        185845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       217656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         217656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       217656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        217656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1035967520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1035967520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       940454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       940454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1036907974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1036907974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1036907974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1036907974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       187856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       187856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       219678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       219678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       219678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       219678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 515150.432621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 515150.432621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85495.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85495.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 512813.043521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 512813.043521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 512813.043521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 512813.043521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    225186317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225186317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    225378617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225378617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    225378617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225378617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 396454.783451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 396454.783451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 394708.611208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 394708.611208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 394708.611208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 394708.611208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              506.112644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750133883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1479554.009862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.112644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.038642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         125921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        125921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     73997083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73997083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     73997083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73997083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     73997083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73997083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       125961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       125961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1849927.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1849927.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1849927.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1849927.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1849927.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1849927.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43214215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43214215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43214215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43214215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43214215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43214215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1728568.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1728568.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1728568.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1728568.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1728568.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1728568.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              118204412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             141392.837321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   182.822519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    73.177481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.714150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.285850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        87286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        73025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       160311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         160311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       160311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        160311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    741798533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    741798533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     31032825                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31032825                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    772831358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    772831358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    772831358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    772831358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        89245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        89245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        73090                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73090                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       162335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       162335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 378661.834099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 378661.834099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 477428.076923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 477428.076923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 381833.674901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 381833.674901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 381833.674901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 381833.674901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1443                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1443                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    187534896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    187534896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       195039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       195039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    187729935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    187729935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    187729935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    187729935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 324454.837370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324454.837370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        65013                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65013                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 323115.206540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323115.206540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 323115.206540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323115.206540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              550.607906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              646509396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1166984.469314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    25.493081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   525.114825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.040854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.841530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       125835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       125835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         125835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       125835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        125835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89323432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89323432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89323432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89323432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89323432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89323432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       125871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       125871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       125871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       125871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       125871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2481206.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2481206.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2481206.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2481206.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2481206.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2481206.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66082166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66082166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66082166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66082166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66082166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66082166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2360077.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2360077.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2360077.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2360077.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2360077.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2360077.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              151269354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             183134.811138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   152.430906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   103.569094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.595433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.404567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       187777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        187777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       219588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         219588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       219588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        219588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    973612985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    973612985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       941777                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       941777                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    974554762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    974554762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    974554762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    974554762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       189764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       189764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       221586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       221586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 489991.436839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489991.436839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 85616.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85616.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 487765.146146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 487765.146146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 487765.146146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 487765.146146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    213521803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    213521803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    213714103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    213714103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    213714103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    213714103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 376581.663139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 376581.663139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 374937.022807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 374937.022807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 374937.022807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 374937.022807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              465.771688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              753010750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1615902.896996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    10.771688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.017262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       134498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       134498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         134498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       134498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        134498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12356577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12356577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12356577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12356577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12356577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12356577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       134514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       134514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       134514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       134514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       134514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 772286.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 772286.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 772286.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 772286.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 772286.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 772286.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10469976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10469976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10469976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10469976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10469976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10469976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       951816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       951816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       951816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       951816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       951816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       951816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              109344890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             167964.500768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   133.597893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   122.402107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.521867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.478133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       105195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        105195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        77433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       182628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         182628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       182628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        182628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    245272587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245272587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    245272587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245272587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    245272587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245272587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       106215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        77433                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77433                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       183648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       183648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 240463.320588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 240463.320588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 240463.320588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 240463.320588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 240463.320588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 240463.320588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    103302775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103302775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    103302775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103302775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    103302775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103302775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 261526.012658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261526.012658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 261526.012658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261526.012658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 261526.012658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261526.012658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              465.766483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              753010364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1615902.068670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    10.766483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.017254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       134112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       134112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         134112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       134112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        134112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17477842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17477842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17477842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17477842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17477842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17477842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       134129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       134129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       134129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       134129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       134129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1028108.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028108.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1028108.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1028108.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1028108.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1028108.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12718519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12718519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12718519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12718519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12718519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12718519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1156229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1156229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1156229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1156229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1156229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1156229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  394                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              109344352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             168222.080000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   133.331022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   122.668978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.520824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.479176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       104888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        104888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        77202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       182090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         182090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       182090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        182090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254699600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    254699600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254699600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    254699600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254699600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    254699600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       105904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        77202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       183106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       183106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 250688.582677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 250688.582677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 250688.582677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 250688.582677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 250688.582677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 250688.582677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    107132262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107132262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    107132262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107132262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    107132262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107132262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 271909.294416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271909.294416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 271909.294416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271909.294416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 271909.294416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271909.294416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              502.549274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              753291824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1497598.059642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.549274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.020111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst        99980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         99980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst        99980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total          99980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst        99980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total         99980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13360582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13360582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13360582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13360582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13360582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13360582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst        99994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst        99994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total        99994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst        99994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total        99994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 954327.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954327.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 954327.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954327.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 954327.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954327.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11949482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11949482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11949482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11949482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11949482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11949482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 919190.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 919190.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 919190.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 919190.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 919190.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 919190.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  904                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              125502273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             108191.614655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   186.096175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    69.903825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.726938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.273062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        75306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         75306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        60677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       135983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         135983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       135983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        135983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          387                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          387                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1297575488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1297575488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    331972766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    331972766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1629548254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1629548254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1629548254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1629548254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        77406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        61064                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        61064                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       138470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       138470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       138470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       138470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.027130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006338                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006338                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.017961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.017961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 617893.089524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 617893.089524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 857810.764858                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857810.764858                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 655226.479292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 655226.479292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 655226.479292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 655226.479292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    549548339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    549548339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35812235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35812235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    585360574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    585360574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    585360574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    585360574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000655                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000655                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 636051.318287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636051.318287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 895305.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 895305.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 647522.758850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 647522.758850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 647522.758850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 647522.758850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              502.557447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753291178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1497596.775348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.557447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.020124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        99334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         99334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        99334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total          99334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        99334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total         99334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13335935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13335935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13335935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13335935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13335935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13335935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        99348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        99348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total        99348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        99348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total        99348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 952566.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 952566.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 952566.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 952566.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 952566.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 952566.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11924683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11924683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11924683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11924683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11924683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11924683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 917283.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917283.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 917283.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917283.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 917283.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917283.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  894                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              125501887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             109132.075652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   184.510100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    71.489900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.720743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.279257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        75074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         75074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        60522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       135596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         135596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       135596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        135596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          381                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          381                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1295797868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1295797868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    351628112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    351628112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1647425980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1647425980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1647425980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1647425980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        77181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        60903                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        60903                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       138084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       138084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       138084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       138084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.027299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.018018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.018018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 614996.615093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 614996.615093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 922908.430446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922908.430446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 662148.705788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 662148.705788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 662148.705788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 662148.705788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          401                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             401                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    535297259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    535297259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     42268332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42268332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    577565591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    577565591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    577565591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    577565591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000706                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000706                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 629021.455934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 629021.455934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 982984.465116                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 982984.465116                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 646046.522371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 646046.522371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 646046.522371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 646046.522371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              490.064298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              749565755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1490190.367793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    15.064298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.024142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       131812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       131812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         131812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       131812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        131812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63302835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63302835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63302835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63302835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63302835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63302835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       131852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       131852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       131852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       131852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       131852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1582570.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582570.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1582570.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582570.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1582570.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582570.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48339728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48339728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48339728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48339728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48339728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48339728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1726418.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726418.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1726418.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726418.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1726418.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726418.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              113243967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             167520.661243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   141.909957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   114.090043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.554336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.445664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        89567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        74516                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74516                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       164083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         164083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       164083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        164083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    446782276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    446782276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1157718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1157718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    447939994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    447939994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    447939994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    447939994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        90894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        74530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       165424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       165424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.014599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 336685.965335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336685.965335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82694.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82694.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334034.298285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334034.298285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334034.298285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334034.298285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129788029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129788029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129980329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129980329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129980329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129980329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 311242.275779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311242.275779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 309476.973810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 309476.973810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 309476.973810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 309476.973810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              550.627954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              646509369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1166984.420578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.512910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.115045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.040886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         125808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        125808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     86610454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86610454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     86610454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86610454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     86610454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86610454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       125844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       125844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2405845.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2405845.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2405845.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2405845.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2405845.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2405845.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63338438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63338438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63338438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63338438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63338438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63338438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2262087.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2262087.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2262087.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2262087.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2262087.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2262087.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              151269288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             183134.731235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   152.467764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   103.532236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.595577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.404423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       187711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        187711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       219522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         219522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       219522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        219522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    973938659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    973938659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       941447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       941447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    974880106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    974880106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    974880106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    974880106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       189699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       189699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       221521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       221521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 489908.782193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489908.782193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85586.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85586.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 487683.894947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 487683.894947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 487683.894947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 487683.894947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    214648187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214648187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    214840487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    214840487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    214840487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    214840487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 378568.231041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378568.231041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 376913.135088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 376913.135088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 376913.135088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 376913.135088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              502.560709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753291399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1497597.214712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.560709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.020129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        99555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         99555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        99555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total          99555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        99555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total         99555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12594662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12594662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12594662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12594662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12594662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12594662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        99569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        99569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total        99569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        99569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total        99569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 899618.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 899618.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 899618.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 899618.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 899618.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 899618.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11839480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11839480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11839480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11839480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11839480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11839480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 910729.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 910729.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 910729.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 910729.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 910729.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 910729.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  900                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              125501592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             108565.391003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   186.641022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    69.358978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.729066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.270934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        74954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         74954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        60351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       135305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         135305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       135305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        135305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          381                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          381                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1324081911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1324081911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    361565076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    361565076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1685646987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1685646987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1685646987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1685646987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        77095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        60732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        60732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       137827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       137827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       137827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       137827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.027771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.018298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.018298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 618440.873891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 618440.873891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 948989.700787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 948989.700787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 668377.076527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 668377.076527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 668377.076527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 668377.076527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1621                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1621                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    546242559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    546242559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     40226271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40226271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    586468830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    586468830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    586468830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    586468830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000675                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000675                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 635165.766279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 635165.766279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 981128.560976                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 981128.560976                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 650908.801332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 650908.801332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 650908.801332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 650908.801332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
